
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001081                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1081073751                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400283215179                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 438340                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   566454                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39930                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67605124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27074.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11867821323                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336461494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        43392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        43648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        44672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        74240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               510592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       207360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            207360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2841619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20601740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3670425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40137872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2960020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24982569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3315222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16694513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3078421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16576112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3907226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     40374674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2960020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24035363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3670425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     41321880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3433623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16576112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2841619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21667347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3196822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16931315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1302409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14563299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2841619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22377752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1539210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     68672466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2723218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22377752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3433623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16694513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               472300802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2841619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3670425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2960020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3315222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3078421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3907226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2960020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3670425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3433623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2841619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3196822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1302409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2841619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1539210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2723218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3433623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           47715524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         191809301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              191809301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         191809301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2841619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20601740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3670425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40137872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2960020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24982569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3315222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16694513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3078421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16576112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3907226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     40374674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2960020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24035363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3670425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     41321880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3433623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16576112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2841619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21667347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3196822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16931315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1302409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14563299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2841619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22377752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1539210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     68672466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2723218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22377752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3433623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16694513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              664110103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210150                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79783                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21257                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009515                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210150                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262554                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2118047     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27867      1.17%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32728      1.37%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17726      0.74%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19884      0.84%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11701      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7626      0.32%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20562      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         124460      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2380601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081061                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1992252                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        84603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2302                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1464877                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2156                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1996040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        59280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258539                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1462723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2034316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6808761                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6808761                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         331210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           27603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368301                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       202510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805361     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230820      9.70%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124495      5.23%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85711      3.60%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75206      3.16%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38682      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9677      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6130      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4519      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           345     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1389     45.07%     56.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1348     43.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145534     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21295      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126751      9.26%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74555      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368301                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.527791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3082                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002252                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5122275                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1661687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343163                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13110                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193113                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.519296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1343163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          799463                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2095929                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.518095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381436                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22303                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837936     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232695      9.95%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97344      4.16%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58398      2.50%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40189      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26246      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13807      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10876      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21669      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21669                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3776620                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2959745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32828                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                211903                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.592499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.592499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.385728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.385728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6071005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         201968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12558                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2121689                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1268141                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            201968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        80951                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              249665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         39835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        53814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          123627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12416                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2452148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2202483     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8658      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18137      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7391      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          40844      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          36719      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6906      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14867      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         116143      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2452148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2108847                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        67120                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          248569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        26755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17749                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1485249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        26755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2111738                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         46804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        12692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          246641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1483049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           23                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1747554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6978257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6978257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1510021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         237503                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           20969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       348079                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       174751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477935                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1409189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136328                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       332403                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2452148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950937     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150466      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123366      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53054      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67383      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65043      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37052      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3006      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1841      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2452148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3500     10.96%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27609     86.43%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          835      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885806     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12172      0.86%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337141     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173987     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1409189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.543563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31944                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5303565                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1394849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1441133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        26755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         42698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1892                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1478123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348079                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14331                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397764                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             509718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         182754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           173933                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.539156                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1394992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1394849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          754256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1486343                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.538032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507458                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159355                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12588                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2425393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1946766     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174961      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81848      3.37%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81023      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21735      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94278      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7201      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5071      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12510      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2425393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1122734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1318839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               503453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              330654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           174100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1172562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12510                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3891064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2983179                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                140356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1122734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1318839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1122734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.309099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.309099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.433069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.433069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6905504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1623393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1762445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         195467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175728                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10634                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2073479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1113598                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            195467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       139512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              247447                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         56839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        33075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          126744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16522                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2393700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2146253     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          38580      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18405      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          38106      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10513      0.44%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          35652      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5149      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8424      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92618      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2393700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.429545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2032959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        74361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1236146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2037721                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         47532                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        13684                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          242703                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1233508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        10921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1608561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5575171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5575171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1266025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         342516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25174                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       231184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        33273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134533                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1182                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2393700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896039     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153406      6.41%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170339      7.12%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98051      4.10%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48582      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12659      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13993      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          298      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2393700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1936     57.62%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          806     23.99%     81.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          618     18.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884360     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8193      0.72%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209091     18.43%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32815      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134533                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.437621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002962                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4667308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472087                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         28169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             238755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         170486                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32793                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.431724                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1103628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1103274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          669959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1425817                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.425563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.469877                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       976171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2354380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1995233     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138318      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91448      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28097      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49205      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8783      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5747      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4943      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32606      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2354380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       874335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       976171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               212227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              180240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           150652                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          850347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        32606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3547072                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2489987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                198804                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            874335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              976171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       874335                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.965115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.965115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.337255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.337255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5213842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1430602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1323666                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         214112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86879                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82076                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1020                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2052397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1197701                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            214112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              248734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        45499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          127058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22387                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2137522     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11446      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18065      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24214      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25662      1.08%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21675      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11531      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18190      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         117951      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2386256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461986                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2031674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        66693                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          248121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39417                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34967                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1467855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39417                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2037627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        40586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          242537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1466564                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2047263                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6819066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6819066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1743869                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         303386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40660                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       138124                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        73661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          808                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1463782                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          290                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1802593     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239677     10.04%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121587      5.10%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91945      3.85%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72080      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28950      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18532      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9629      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1263      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           289     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     37.15%     48.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1252     51.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161251     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20519      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125226      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73288      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532479                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5149908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643645                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2741                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24715                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39417                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1464140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138124                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          993                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13262                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359909                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             190894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192841                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73268                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524554                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1357869                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1357796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          780037                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2102625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370982                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22587                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2346839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1832928     78.10%     78.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254909     10.86%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96453      4.11%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45462      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38743      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22325      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19505      0.83%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8668      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27846      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2346839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1016749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1251272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185575                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              113409                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           180425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1127417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25789                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27846                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3783126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2967717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32831                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                206248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1016749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1251272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1016749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.549797                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.549797                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392188                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392188                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6118615                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1893060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1360386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         214005                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175233                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1015                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2051833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1197508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            214005                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103675                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              248641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        46318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127038                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2137884     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11418      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18071      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24195      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25623      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21534      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11773      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18092      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         117935      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2386525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461912                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2031088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        67523                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248035                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39524                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34906                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1467624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39524                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2037093                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        41180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          242392                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1466286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2046448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6817467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6817467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1742205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304243                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           41106                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       138093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1463429                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803445     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239453     10.03%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121363      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91611      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72182      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28920      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18611      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9600      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1340      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     36.83%     48.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     51.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160992     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20490      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125086      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73187      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5149124                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357265                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2847                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39524                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1154                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463787                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13238                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524361                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1357353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1357265                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          779663                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2102701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1015781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1250057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2347001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1833719     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254599     10.85%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96321      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45308      1.93%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38660      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22344      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19639      0.84%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8590      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27821      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2347001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1015781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1250057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               185402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           180231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1126323                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3782960                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2967118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32850                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                205979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1015781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1250057                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1015781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.552227                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.552227                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6116323                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1892023                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1359977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         201581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12488                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          551                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2119197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1266920                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            201581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        80870                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              249425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         39676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        55079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          123439                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12356                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2450587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2201162     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8650      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18139      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           7434      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          40711      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          36676      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6853      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          14811      0.60%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         116151      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2450587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488686                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2106530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        68207                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          248338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        26658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1484048                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1413                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        26658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2109398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         46818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          246421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1481950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1746030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6973871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6973871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1508601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         237414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           98                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           20957                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       348106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       174744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8588                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1476629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137235                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       331979                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2450587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949841     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150368      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123149      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52981      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67315      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65064      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37012      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3019      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1838      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2450587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3507     10.97%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27629     86.43%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884695     62.83%     62.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12197      0.87%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337157     23.94%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173966     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.543142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31966                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5299832                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2606                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        26658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         42806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1476823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1250                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7784                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        14252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             509654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         182517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           173907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.538759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1393961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1393820                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          753801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1485107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.537635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507574                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1121925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159054                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        12521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2423929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945686     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174815      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81748      3.37%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80951      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21763      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94213      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7174      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5096      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12483      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2423929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1121925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1317861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               503334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              330580                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           173947                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1171699                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        12483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3888348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2980512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                141917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1121925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1317861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1121925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.310764                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.310764                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.432757                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.432757                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6901288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1622031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1761187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         195177                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132647                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2073842                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1112330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            195177                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       139538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              247253                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        31886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          126788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2392692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2145439     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          38564      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18289      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          38041      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10763      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          35600      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5130      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8477      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92389      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2392692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075285                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2033447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        73050                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          246596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17219                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1234890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2038192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         46726                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13239                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          242530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1232277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        10868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1605987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5570196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5570196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1265452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         340525                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           24720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       231449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1223994                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1133943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       518502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2392692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1895280     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153410      6.41%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170184      7.11%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97892      4.09%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48637      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12741      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13903      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          342      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2392692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1902     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     24.04%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          620     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883730     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8171      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209161     18.45%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32807      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1133943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.437393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4665024                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470229                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         27388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1525                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          395                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118628                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205986                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             238769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         170351                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.431486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1102852                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1102461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          669545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1425509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.425249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.469688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       873860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       975696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248514                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16815                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2353360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1994403     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138093      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91519      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28095      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49198      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8837      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5743      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4931      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32541      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2353360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       873860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       975696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               212086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              180099                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           150574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          849950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        32541                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3545016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2487792                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                199812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            873860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              975696                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       873860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.966727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.966727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337072                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337072                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5210931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1429259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1322222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         201730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96391                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          565                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2119218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1267252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            201730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        80912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              249442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         39839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        54723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          123432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12339                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2450447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2201005     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8674      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18000      0.73%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7387      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          40786      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          36713      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6873      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14872      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         116137      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2450447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488814                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2106493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        67913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        26839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1484523                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        26839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2109401                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         47097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1482326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            7                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1745774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6975891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6975891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1508832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         236934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21141                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       348230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       174830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137380                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       334361                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2450447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949758     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150164      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123363      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52864      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67387      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65016      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37059      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3004      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1832      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2450447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3511     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27613     86.37%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          845      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884611     62.82%     62.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12148      0.86%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337272     23.95%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174034     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408148                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.543161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31969                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5299833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393867                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2468                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        26839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         43028                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477283                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        14253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335835                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             509819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         182559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           173984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.538792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1394012                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1393867                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          753574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1485079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.537653                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507430                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159365                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2423608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945352     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174753      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81887      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80868      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21754      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94214      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7163      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5111      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12506      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2423608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1122060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1318020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               503353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              330590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           173973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1171838                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12639                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3888474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2981627                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 48070                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                142057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1122060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1318020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1122060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.310486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.310486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.432809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.432809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6901677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1621519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1761645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         213957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2051607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1196877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            213957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       103307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              248318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         62905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        46252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          127102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2137817     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11474      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17916      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23946      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25591      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          21646      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11624      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18238      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         117883      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2386135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2030859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        67449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          247702                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39747                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34941                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1466800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1295                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39747                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2036857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13300                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        41055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          242097                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1465511                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2045333                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6813772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6813772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1740122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         305165                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           41110                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       138000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        73502                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17915                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379001                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803457     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239211     10.03%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121286      5.08%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91731      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72062      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28881      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18531      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9622      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1354      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           282     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          913     37.20%     48.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1259     51.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160356     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20451      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124900      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73123      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379001                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531919                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2454                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5146882                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2679                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39747                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463031                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73502                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1358224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117359                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20774                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             190462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         192491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            73103                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523904                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1356156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1356076                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          779350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2101327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523076                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370885                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2346388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1833601     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254431     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96066      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45444      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38534      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22415      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19536      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8678      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27683      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2346388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1014556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1248532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               185162                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              113155                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           180031                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1124935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        27683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3781705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2965809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32904                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                206369                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1014556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1248532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1014556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.555309                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.555309                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391342                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391342                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6110862                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1890494                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1359157                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2592500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         209424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22388                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86028                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1196238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            209424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       100799                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              261760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        67363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125248                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2378238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.970557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2116478     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27859      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32873      1.38%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17685      0.74%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          19628      0.83%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11692      0.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7604      0.32%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20330      0.85%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         124089      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2378238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080781                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461423                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1990221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        85587                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          259088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2416                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        40922                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33933                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1459119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2174                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        40922                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1994100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         16349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        59467                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          257639                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1456712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2027243                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6780828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6780828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1701224                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         326019                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           28050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       139561                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        75140                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15598                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1452644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1766                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197495                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2378238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803731     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230729      9.70%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124503      5.24%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85779      3.61%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75086      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38160      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9701      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6036      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4513      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2378238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1250     42.60%     54.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1342     45.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143111     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21246      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125880      9.22%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74376      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.526433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5112494                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1650571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26828                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        40922                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         11416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1453043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139561                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75140                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          865                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1342758                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             192445                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         187277                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74320                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.517939                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1340121                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1340034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          797717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2089247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.516889                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2337316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1836726     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232278      9.94%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97247      4.16%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58243      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40219      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26419      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13837      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10830      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21517      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2337316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       998865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1225440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               185688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           175321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1104801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24916                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21517                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3768846                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2947051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                214262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            998865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1225440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       998865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.595446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.595446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.385290                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.385290                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6056002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1862561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1360748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         214275                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87120                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21622                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2051656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1198672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            214275                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        46391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22330                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2137688     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11468      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18031      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24220      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25677      1.08%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21684      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11634      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18031      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         118139      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2386572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.462361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2030891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        67618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          248258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        35021                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1468982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2036879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        41041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          242654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1467667                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2048227                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6823733                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6823733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1743909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         304309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           41043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       138205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        73618                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464815                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1381177                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803025     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239378     10.03%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121587      5.09%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91902      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72220      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28967      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18584      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9572      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1337      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          908     36.96%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     51.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1162042     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20510      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125185      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73269      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1381177                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.532758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001779                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5151676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1358519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1383634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24796                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1448                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1158                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73618                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1360671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             190951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            73252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1358600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1358519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          780521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2104563                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.524018                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370871                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2347142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1833259     78.11%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254920     10.86%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96318      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45520      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38708      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22387      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19583      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8652      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27795      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2347142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1016777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1251305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               185579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              113409                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           180431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1127448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3784513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2969801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                205932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1016777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1251305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1016777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.549727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.549727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392199                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392199                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6121983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1893524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1361382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         234568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195491                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23013                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24800                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2032276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1285446                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            234568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       108775                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              267149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        67720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          127876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21938                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2409008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2141859     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16248      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20135      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          32720      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13438      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17867      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          20373      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9727      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         136641      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2409008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.495832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2020368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        80998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          265796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        35400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1570887                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2022857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        68673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          263437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1560466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2179838                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7251555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7251555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1788443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         391345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       147362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        75302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206402                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2409008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1796922     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278014     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114395      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64300      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86301      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27398      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26548      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13993      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2409008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9988     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.88%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220680     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19578      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132811      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74986      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.558623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12669                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5319874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728187                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31120                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421040                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             205116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         200297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            74965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.548134                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1407880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1407865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          843332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2266366                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.543052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2367328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823833     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275943     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100161      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49621      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45153      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19181      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19043      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9035      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25358      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2367328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1040272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1282012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               190161                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              116242                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           185793                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1154307                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26494                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        25358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3863728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3085226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                183496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1040272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1282012                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1040272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.492141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.492141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.401261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.401261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6391096                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1969603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1450247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         209475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2006993                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1196406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            209475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       100522                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              261615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        67109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2377802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2116187     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          27779      1.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          32587      1.37%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17582      0.74%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          19698      0.83%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11720      0.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7735      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20474      0.86%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         124040      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2377802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461487                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1989637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        85103                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          259072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41689                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1460128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41689                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1993493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         16025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        59399                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          257550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1458048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2028034                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6787429                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6787429                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1695360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         332638                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           28025                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       140211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1891                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15862                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1453978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1362871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1850                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2377802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804410     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230214      9.68%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124130      5.22%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85536      3.60%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75177      3.16%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38108      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9559      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6157      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4511      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2377802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           344     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1327     44.15%     55.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     44.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141411     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21177      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125879      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74239      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1362871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.525697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3006                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5108399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657505                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1337772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1365877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3316                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27833                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41689                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1454373                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12210                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1340636                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             192032                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         186696                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.517120                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1337857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1337772                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          795879                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2086352                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.516015                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381469                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       995489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1221297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22445                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2336113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837083     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       231510      9.91%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97113      4.16%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58018      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40176      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26140      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13821      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10839      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21413      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2336113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       995489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1221297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               185116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              112378                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           174724                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1101085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24835                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        21413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3769065                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2950468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                214702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            995489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1221297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       995489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.604252                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.604252                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6045751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1859389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1360469                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         202164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1963642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1196123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            202164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              245264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         66642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        59573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122495                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2313018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2067754     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12912      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20473      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          30943      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12881      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          15107      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15788      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          11332      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         125828      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2313018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1938604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        85293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          243465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1450529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1943457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         40871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        29147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          240150                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1447559                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1077                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1980587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6749249                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6749249                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1635142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         345439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           44400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       146534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        81037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15705                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442736                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220202                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       505114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2313018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738603     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232773     10.06%     85.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128948      5.57%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84709      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77300      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23759      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17167      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5866      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3893      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2313018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           383     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1433     42.57%     53.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1550     46.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109967     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24828      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133493      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79562      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347999                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.519960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002497                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5014551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663312                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1323081                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1351365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1076                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         29134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1671                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443048                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24726                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126468                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             205880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         180153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            79412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.512341                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1323217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1323081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          783245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1987180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.510349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       979969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249296                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2268804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1784976     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230325     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95618      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48818      2.15%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36640      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20831      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12920      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10711      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27965      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2268804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       979969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1194947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               191648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115823                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           165857                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1080416                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3685082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2932718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 35010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                279486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            979969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1194947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       979969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.645496                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.645496                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.378001                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.378001                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6029291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1808048                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1374206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         209998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171821                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87187                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80107                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2007243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1198637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            209998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101398                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              262115                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        67510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2378380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2116265     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27863      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32109      1.35%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17842      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          20098      0.85%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11812      0.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7858      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20766      0.87%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         123767      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2378380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081002                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1990626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        84779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          259802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34249                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1462563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1994137                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         16631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        59124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          258360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1460301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2030798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6797149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6797149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1702100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         328698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2378380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803232     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230711      9.70%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124473      5.23%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86189      3.62%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75031      3.15%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38805      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9324      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6124      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4491      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2378380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           351     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1334     43.90%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1354     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144452     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21283      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126608      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74605      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.527333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002223                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5117614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342362                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27549                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         11737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12968                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345412                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         187593                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74564                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.518962                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1342453                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1342362                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          798461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2091291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.517786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2337266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1836132     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232588      9.95%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97351      4.17%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58605      2.51%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40124      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26364      1.13%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13656      0.58%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10826      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21620      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2337266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       999376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1226099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               185794                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              112799                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           175427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1105409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        24940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3772403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2954662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32731                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                214124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            999376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1226099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       999376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.594123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.594123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.385487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.385487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6066990                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1865277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1363452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2592504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         214401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175465                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22509                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21641                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2052930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1199364                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            214401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       103736                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              249008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        46038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          127060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2138659     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11482      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17991      0.75%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          24243      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          25694      1.08%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          21731      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11607      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          18045      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         118215      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2387667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2032139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        67287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          248384                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35055                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1469868                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1271                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2038114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         13245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        40958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          242791                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1468518                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2049489                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6827655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6827655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1744550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         304916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           41001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       138298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        73682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17996                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1382024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803793     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239431     10.03%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121710      5.10%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91995      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72283      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28948      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18568      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9604      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1335      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.86%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     37.04%     48.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     51.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1162722     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20525      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125282      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73324      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1382024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.533085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5154463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1646375                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1359244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1384486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1470                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         10388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12262                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             191056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         193034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            73306                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.525126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1359323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1359244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          780954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2105521                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.524298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1017194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22569                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2348187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834136     78.11%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254991     10.86%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96342      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45562      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38680      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22403      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19614      0.84%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8631      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27828      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2348187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1017194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1251821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               185683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              113479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           180499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1127931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25805                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3786371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2971567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32819                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                204837                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1017194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1251821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1017194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.548682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.548682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6125139                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1894607                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1362179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3999                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32753.145801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           759807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.676708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           941.207407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.244105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.112523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.590779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   193.641985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.956308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   115.218122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.777484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    68.517366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.595857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    67.352378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.842543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   199.365597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.499352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.471641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.579590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   199.495202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.827536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    66.167174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.243056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   105.633178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.692997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    67.858656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.765792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    58.851953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.288067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   105.872231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.627179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   262.483889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.279920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   110.136175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.864140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    67.440095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1763.969931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2254.799586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2105.508606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1427.262057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1431.698456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2266.872767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2132.614385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2260.471042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1407.095047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1732.159547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1415.027713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1167.588789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1728.830803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          3373.441881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1736.073484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1401.231433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.028723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.005909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.006084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.053832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.068811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.064255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.043557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.043692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.069179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.065082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.068984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.042941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.052861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.043183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.052760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.102949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.052981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.042762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          349                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3853577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26293451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4755836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51403054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3808126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31798345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4705419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21325015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4235734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21092811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5281024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51982327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3838912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30509747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4673701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53373878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4602772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21189894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3689090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27811554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4383223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21728759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1664118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18665551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3728116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28437188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1989292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79677912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3750411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28348354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4511382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21286685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       598395258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       131839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8066697                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       133606                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8332142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3853577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26293451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4755836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51403054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3808126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31798345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4705419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21325015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4235734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21092811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5281024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51982327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3838912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30509747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4673701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53505717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4602772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21189894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3689090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27811554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4383223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21728759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1664118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18665551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3728116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28437188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1989292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87744609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3750411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28481960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4511382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21286685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        606727400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3853577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26293451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4755836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51403054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3808126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31798345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4705419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21325015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4235734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21092811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5281024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51982327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3838912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30509747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4673701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53505717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4602772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21189894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3689090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27811554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4383223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21728759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1664118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18665551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3728116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28437188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1989292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87744609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3750411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28481960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4511382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21286685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       606727400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                96                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.317708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.496234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.402126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.572917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.400709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.413998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.316062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.326425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.520179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.326990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.403786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.400709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.413998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.316062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.326425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.520179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.326990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.403786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160565.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151111.787356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153414.064516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151631.427729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152325.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150703.056872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168050.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151241.241135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162912.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150662.935714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160031.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152440.841642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153556.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150294.320197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150764.548387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153373.212644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158716.275862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151356.385714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153712.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151975.704918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162341.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151949.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151283.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151752.447154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155338.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150461.312169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153022.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151191.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163061.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150789.117021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155564.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150969.397163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152108.606507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       131839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152201.830189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       133606                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151493.490909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160565.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151111.787356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153414.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151631.427729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152325.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150703.056872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168050.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151241.241135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162912.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150662.935714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160031.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152440.841642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153556.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150294.320197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150764.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153311.510029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158716.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151356.385714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153712.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151975.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162341.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151949.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151283.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151752.447154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155338.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150461.312169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153022.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151283.808621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163061.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150698.201058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155564.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150969.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152100.125345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160565.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151111.787356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153414.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151631.427729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152325.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150703.056872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168050.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151241.241135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162912.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150662.935714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160031.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152440.841642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153556.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150294.320197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150764.548387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153311.510029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158716.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151356.385714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153712.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151975.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162341.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151949.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151283.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151752.447154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155338.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150461.312169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153022.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151283.808621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163061.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150698.201058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155564.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150969.397163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152100.125345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1620                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1620                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2460467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16160016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2954667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31664116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2350681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19516610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3082168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13120618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2728445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12943631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3363222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32137589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2385268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18690958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2871152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33127546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2919488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13041224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2294023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17159066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2812858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13405913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1024293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11499980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2330718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17435490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1231927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     48981204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2413370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17401065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2823129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13076899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369407801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        73164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4980434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        74931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5128529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2460467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16160016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2954667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31664116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2350681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19516610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3082168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13120618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2728445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12943631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3363222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32137589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2385268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18690958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2871152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33200710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2919488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13041224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2294023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17159066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2812858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13405913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1024293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11499980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2330718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17435490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1231927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     53961638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2413370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17475996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2823129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13076899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374536330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2460467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16160016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2954667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31664116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2350681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19516610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3082168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13120618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2728445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12943631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3363222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32137589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2385268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18690958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2871152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33200710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2919488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13041224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2294023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17159066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2812858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13405913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1024293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11499980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2330718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     17435490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1231927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     53961638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2413370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17475996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2823129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13076899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374536330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.406921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.317708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.496234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.327526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.402126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.400709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.413998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.316062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.326425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.520179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.326990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.403786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.400709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.405470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.413998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.316062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.326425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.520179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.326990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102519.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92873.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95311.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93404.471976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94027.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92495.781991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 110077.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93054.028369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104940.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92454.507143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101915.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94245.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95410.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92073.684729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92617.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95194.097701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       100672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93151.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95584.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93765.387978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104179.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93747.643357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93117.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93495.772358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97113.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92251.269841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94763.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92943.461101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104929.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92558.856383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97349.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92743.964539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93901.322064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        73164                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93970.452830                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        74931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93245.981818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102519.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92873.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95311.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93404.471976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94027.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92495.781991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 110077.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93054.028369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104940.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92454.507143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101915.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94245.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95410.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92073.684729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92617.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95130.974212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       100672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93151.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95584.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93765.387978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104179.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93747.643357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93117.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93495.772358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97113.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92251.269841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94763.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93037.306897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104929.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92465.587302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97349.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92743.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93892.286287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102519.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92873.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95311.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93404.471976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94027.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92495.781991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 110077.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93054.028369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104940.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92454.507143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101915.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94245.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95410.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92073.684729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92617.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95130.974212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       100672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93151.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95584.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93765.387978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104179.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93747.643357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93117.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93495.772358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97113.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92251.269841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94763.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93037.306897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104929.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92465.587302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97349.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92743.964539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93892.286287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.205164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.958580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.205164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5469033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5469033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5469033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5469033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170907.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170907.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170907.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170907.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 170907.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170907.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4483846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4483846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4483846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4483846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4483846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4483846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179353.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179353.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179353.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179353.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 179353.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179353.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             142585.788902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.519391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.480609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    230391524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230391524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6276835                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6276835                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    236668359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    236668359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    236668359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    236668359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119065.387080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119065.387080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98075.546875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98075.546875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118393.376188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118393.376188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118393.376188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118393.376188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55877913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55877913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       220753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56098666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56098666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56098666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56098666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98031.426316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98031.426316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73584.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73584.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97903.431065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97903.431065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97903.431065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97903.431065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              566.949584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768706918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1336881.596522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.227958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.721626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         123586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        123586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6852850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6852850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6852850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6852850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6852850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6852850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       123627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       123627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167142.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167142.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167142.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167142.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167142.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167142.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5504375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5504375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5504375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5504375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5504375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5504375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172011.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172011.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172011.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172011.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172011.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172011.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289307896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             262529.851180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.379245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.620755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.435075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.564925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       316961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         489573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        489573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353454542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    353454542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       744300                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       744300                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    354198842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    354198842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    354198842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    354198842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       319927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119168.759946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119168.759946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        82700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119058.434286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119058.434286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119058.434286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119058.434286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91455297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91455297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       207553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91662850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91662850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91662850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91662850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108487.896797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108487.896797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69184.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69184.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108348.522459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108348.522459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108348.522459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108348.522459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              547.955298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              646510274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1171214.264493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.840326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.114972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         126713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        126713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4826493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4826493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4826493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4826493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4826493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4826493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       126744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       126744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155693.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155693.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155693.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155693.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155693.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155693.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4189349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4189349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4189349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161128.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161128.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161128.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161128.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161128.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161128.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151271114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             183581.449029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   151.735114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   104.264886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.592715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.407285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       189532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         221343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        221343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    216066735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216066735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1348868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1348868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    217415603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217415603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    217415603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217415603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       191516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108904.604335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108904.604335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89924.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89924.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108762.182591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108762.182591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108762.182591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108762.182591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58368744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58368744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       214014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       214014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58582758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58582758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58582758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58582758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103307.511504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103307.511504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        71338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103138.658451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103138.658451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103138.658451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103138.658451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.855963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749560970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1487224.146825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.855963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6369364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6369364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6369364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6369364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6369364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6369364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205463.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 205463.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205463.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 205463.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205463.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 205463.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5794851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5794851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5794851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5794851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5794851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5794851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 199822.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199822.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 199822.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199822.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 199822.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199822.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113238117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172356.342466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.246947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.753053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.543933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.456067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         158249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        158249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154307210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154307210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1243948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1243948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    155551158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155551158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    155551158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155551158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122856.058917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122856.058917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88853.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88853.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122481.226772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122481.226772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122481.226772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122481.226772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41069089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41069089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       203470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41272559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41272559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41272559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41272559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103188.665829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103188.665829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67823.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67823.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102924.087282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102924.087282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102924.087282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102924.087282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.751491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749560948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490180.811133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.751491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5896605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5896605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5896605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5896605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5896605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5896605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       178685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       178685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       178685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       178685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       178685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       178685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5086782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5086782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5086782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5086782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5086782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5086782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181670.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181670.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181670.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181670.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181670.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181670.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113237860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172882.229008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.233813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   116.766187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.543882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.456118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    153247529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153247529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1278668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1278668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154526197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    154526197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154526197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    154526197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123288.438455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123288.438455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79916.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79916.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122737.249404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122737.249404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122737.249404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122737.249404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41254687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41254687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       210675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       210675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41465362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41465362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41465362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41465362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104178.502525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104178.502525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        70225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103923.213033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103923.213033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103923.213033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103923.213033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              568.202463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              768706727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1332247.360485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.478425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.724038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         123395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       123395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        123395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7462572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7462572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7462572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7462572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7462572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7462572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       123439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       123439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       123439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169603.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169603.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169603.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169603.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169603.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169603.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5988800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5988800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5988800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176141.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176141.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176141.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176141.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176141.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176141.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              289307847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             263726.387420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.516794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.483206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.435612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.564388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       316958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       172567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       489525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         489525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       489525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        489525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    352448116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352448116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       765686                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       765686                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    353213802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353213802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    353213802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353213802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       319894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       172576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       492470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       492470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120043.636240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120043.636240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85076.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85076.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119936.774873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119936.774873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119936.774873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119936.774873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91487622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91487622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       218987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       218987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91706609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91706609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91706609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91706609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109173.773270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109173.773270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72995.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72995.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109044.719382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109044.719382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109044.719382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109044.719382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              547.498331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646510318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171214.344203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.383146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.115185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.877401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         126757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        126757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4829985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4829985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4829985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4829985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4829985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4829985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       126788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       126788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155805.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155805.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155805.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155805.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155805.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155805.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4235629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4235629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4235629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4235629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4235629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4235629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162908.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162908.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162908.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162908.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162908.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162908.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151271171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             184252.339829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.753107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.246893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.592786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.407214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       189589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         221400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        221400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    211282287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211282287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1196802                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1196802                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    212479089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212479089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    212479089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212479089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       191525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       223351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       223351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109133.412707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109133.412707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79786.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79786.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108907.785238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108907.785238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108907.785238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108907.785238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57591703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57591703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       207225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57798928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57798928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57798928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57798928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102476.339858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102476.339858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        69075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102298.987611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102298.987611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102298.987611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102298.987611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              566.938952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768706723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1336881.257391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.216316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.722636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         123391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        123391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6461291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6461291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6461291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6461291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6461291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6461291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       123432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       123432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157592.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157592.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157592.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157592.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157592.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157592.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5123772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5123772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5123772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5123772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5123772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5123772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160117.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160117.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160117.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160117.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160117.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160117.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289308048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             263246.631483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.543311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.456689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.435716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.564284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       317150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       172575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         489725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        489725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356193965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356193965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1582892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1582892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    357776857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357776857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    357776857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357776857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       320114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120173.402497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120173.402497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 158289.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158289.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120301.565905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120301.565905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120301.565905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120301.565905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92982948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92982948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       444095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       444095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     93427043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93427043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     93427043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93427043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110693.985714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110693.985714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148031.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148031.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110826.860024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110826.860024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110826.860024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110826.860024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              489.904035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749561012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1484279.231683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.904035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         127069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        127069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6325181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6325181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6325181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6325181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6325181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6325181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       127102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       127102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191672.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191672.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191672.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191672.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191672.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191672.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5626463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5626463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5626463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187548.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187548.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187548.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187548.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187548.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187548.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              113237803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             172093.925532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   139.251976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   116.748024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.543953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.456047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       157935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         157935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       157935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        157935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    153235193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153235193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1200352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1200352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    154435545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    154435545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    154435545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    154435545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        87538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121615.232540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121615.232540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80023.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80023.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121125.917647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121125.917647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121125.917647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121125.917647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41181454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41181454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41373754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41373754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41373754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41373754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103211.664160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103211.664160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102919.786070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102919.786070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102919.786070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102919.786070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              506.204088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1479552.619329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.204088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5279309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5279309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5279309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5279309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5279309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5279309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164978.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164978.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164978.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164978.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164978.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164978.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4290751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4290751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4290751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4290751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4290751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4290751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171630.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171630.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171630.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171630.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171630.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171630.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118202872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             141560.325749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   182.797209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    73.202791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.714052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.285948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         158777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        158777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    238457005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238457005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5980229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5980229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    244437234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244437234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    244437234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244437234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        88199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       160788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       160788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122474.065229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122474.065229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93441.078125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93441.078125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121550.091497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121550.091497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121550.091497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121550.091497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58232611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58232611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       206218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       206218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58438829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58438829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58438829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58438829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101098.282986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101098.282986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68739.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68739.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100930.620035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100930.620035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100930.620035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100930.620035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.771275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749560863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490180.642147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.771275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6261612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6261612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6261612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6261612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6261612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6261612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178903.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178903.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178903.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178903.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178903.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178903.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5390288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5390288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5390288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5390288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192510.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192510.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192510.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192510.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192510.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192510.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113238024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             172356.200913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   139.264159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   116.735841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.544001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.455999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         158156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        158156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    154664932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154664932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1384046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1384046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    156048978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156048978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    156048978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156048978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        87597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122652.602696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122652.602696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92269.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92269.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122295.437304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122295.437304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122295.437304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122295.437304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41704664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41704664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       223713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41928377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41928377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41928377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41928377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104785.587940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104785.587940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        74571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104559.543641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104559.543641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104559.543641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104559.543641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              465.765184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753004114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1615888.656652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.765184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         127862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        127862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2161153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2161153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2161153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2161153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2161153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2161153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       127876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       127876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154368.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154368.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154368.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154368.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154368.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154368.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1786800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1786800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1786800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1786800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1786800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1786800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162436.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162436.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162436.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162436.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109335819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             175781.059486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   129.734817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   126.265183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.506777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.493223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       100014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        73563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         173577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        173577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    101885757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101885757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    101885757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    101885757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    101885757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    101885757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       100958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107929.827331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107929.827331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107929.827331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107929.827331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107929.827331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107929.827331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36231561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36231561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36231561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36231561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36231561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36231561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98993.336066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98993.336066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98993.336066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98993.336066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98993.336066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98993.336066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              506.249293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1479552.857988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.249293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5623890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5623890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5623890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5623890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5623890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5623890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4449503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4449503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4449503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4449503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4449503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4449503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177980.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177980.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177980.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177980.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177980.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177980.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118202689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             141560.106587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   183.346889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    72.653111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.716199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.283801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       158593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         158593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       158593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        158593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    237129434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237129434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7329291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7329291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    244458725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244458725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    244458725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244458725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        88230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       160602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       160602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122168.693457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122168.693457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107783.691176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107783.691176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121681.794425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121681.794425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121681.794425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121681.794425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57700918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57700918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       285759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       285759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57986677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57986677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57986677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57986677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100175.204861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100175.204861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        95253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100149.701209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100149.701209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100149.701209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100149.701209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.626451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753314325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497642.793241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.626451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2385520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2385520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2385520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2385520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2385520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2385520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170394.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170394.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170394.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170394.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170394.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170394.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2128128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2128128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2128128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2128128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2128128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2128128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163702.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163702.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163702.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163702.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163702.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163702.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125534177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             91563.951131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   193.774500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    62.225500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.756932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.243068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         167830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        167830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    325645234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325645234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70961113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70961113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    396606347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    396606347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    396606347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    396606347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        95328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005250                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005250                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128815.361551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128815.361551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 179194.729798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179194.729798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135638.285568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135638.285568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135638.285568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135638.285568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    122602654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122602654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8564481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8564481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    131167135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131167135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    131167135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131167135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115445.060264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115445.060264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161593.981132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161593.981132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117638.686099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117638.686099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117638.686099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117638.686099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              505.240996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750133163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1482476.606719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.240996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.037245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.809681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5372458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5372458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5372458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5372458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5372458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5372458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167889.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167889.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167889.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167889.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167889.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167889.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4322076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4322076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4322076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4322076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4322076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4322076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180086.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180086.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180086.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118203518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             141730.836930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   183.547120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    72.452880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.716981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.283019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        86854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    238552756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238552756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7948018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7948018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    246500774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246500774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    246500774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246500774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        88798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122712.323045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122712.323045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122277.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122277.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122698.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122698.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122698.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122698.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57999201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57999201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       382251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58381452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58381452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58381452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58381452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101043.904181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101043.904181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95562.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95562.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101005.972318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101005.972318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101005.972318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101005.972318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              489.943177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749560967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1484279.142574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.943177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.023947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         127024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        127024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5956954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5956954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5956954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5956954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5956954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5956954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       127060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       127060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165470.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165470.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165470.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165470.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165470.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165470.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5317009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5317009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5317009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5317009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5317009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5317009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177233.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177233.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177233.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177233.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177233.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177233.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              113238134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             171313.364599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   139.299953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   116.700047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.544140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.455860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        71854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       158265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         158265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       158265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        158265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    152598626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152598626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1364959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1364959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    153963585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153963585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    153963585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153963585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        87673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       159542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       159542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120918.087163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120918.087163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90997.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90997.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120566.628818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120566.628818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120566.628818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120566.628818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41032780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41032780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       214092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       214092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41246872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41246872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102071.592040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102071.592040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        71364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101844.128395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101844.128395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101844.128395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101844.128395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
