
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 376696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   487041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 271705                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67765276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40745.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15348576783                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19844621730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       376448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       477952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       231296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       154752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       256896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       379136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4332032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       997376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            997376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14036356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23181955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23147269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     34004054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       323738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23124144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34131237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     43172778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20892664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13978545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23205079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34246858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23170393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               391306771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       323738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6416950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          90091667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               90091667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          90091667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14036356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23181955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23147269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     34004054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       323738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23124144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34131237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     43172778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20892664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13978545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23205079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34246858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23170393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              481398438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846657     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948149                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561028     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374253      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106179      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476084      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595601      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874800                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552694     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2054849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1681197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19769776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11492382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2054849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1018367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2396963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        554191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1067265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1211280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202513                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23583166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21186203     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         111062      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         176925      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         239331      1.01%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         247177      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         209245      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         117325      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         174793      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1121105      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23583166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19565782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1273277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2392293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       338174                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14101080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19619827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        186329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       961855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2341754                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       124466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14095351                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        53435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19663423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65569106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65569106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17008831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2654584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          370468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       713792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       230042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14077871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13352862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3807226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23583166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17888561     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2376517     10.08%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192863      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872039      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689584      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282115      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176835      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92635      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12017      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23583166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2782     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8518     38.10%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11055     49.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11231528     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199430      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1672      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208777      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711455      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13352862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50313262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15666753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13151848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13375217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        155981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14081357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114515                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       231289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13168581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1848966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1870240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           711393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13151971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13151848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7550093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20353913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.495391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370941                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9915320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12200384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       204756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23234234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18190155     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519799     10.85%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933525      4.02%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445735      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399678      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216873      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174299      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85901      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268269      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23234234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9915320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12200384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1807934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1104983                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1759275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10992362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       251185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       268269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37047249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28511675                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                301550                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2965228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9915320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12200384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9915320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.677513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.677513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59262456                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18320298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13069355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26546957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1788708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19088988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10180543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1788708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1301217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2273144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        472016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       796794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1154645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22488095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20214951     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         357653      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         167752      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         353304      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         102491      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         329489      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          48534      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          76996      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         836925      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22488095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.383492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18864001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1026361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2268433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1780                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11315385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4333                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18889516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        751170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       196886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2244118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        79011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     11296968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        63508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14730812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     51081513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     51081513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11894098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2836600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1435                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          169477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108104                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       312662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        70972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11239439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10510497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2069397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4238938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22488095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17870449     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1420355      6.32%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593105      7.08%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904996      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450712      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112839      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130072      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3067      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2500      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22488095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16537     56.38%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7148     24.37%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5645     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8197804     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77869      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924340     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309777      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10510497                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.395921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43545090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13310307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10242846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10539827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7943                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7858                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        651260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11240887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108104                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          273                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       150143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10382504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1898037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2207786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1584743                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           309749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.391100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10245393                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10242846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6215544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13252392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.385839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.469013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8187725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9157235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       141045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22160705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18783924     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1304711      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860632      3.88%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266216      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455385      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84434      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53155      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48012      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304236      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22160705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8187725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9157235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1978464                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1673669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1411229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7983339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       108520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       304236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33097749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          22810366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                433006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4058862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8187725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9157235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8187725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.242287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.242287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.308424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.308424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       48367763                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      13282242                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12128359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1786940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606063                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141560                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1226293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1198316                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19059144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10167755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1786940                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1299452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2270387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        470197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       769639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1152671                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22427053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.733129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20156666     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         357487      1.59%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         167759      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         353162      1.57%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         101503      0.45%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         329331      1.47%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          48212      0.21%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          76505      0.34%     96.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         836428      3.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22427053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.382989                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18832953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1000385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2265716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       326102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       159090                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1781                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     11300746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4373                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       326102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18858631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        727255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       194380                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2241201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        79480                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     11282113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        63943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     14710697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     51010103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     51010103                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     11883533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2827120                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1434                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          171081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2105479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       312245                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        70881                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         11224150                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1439                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        10497251                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2062119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4224965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22427053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.468062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17814501     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1418944      6.33%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1592245      7.10%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       903491      4.03%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449819      2.01%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112266      0.50%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130255      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3048      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2484      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22427053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16661     56.56%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7169     24.34%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5625     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8187704     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77873      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          706      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1921750     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309218      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     10497251                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.395401                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002806                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43457826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13287738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10230258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     10526706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7802                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       326102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        626854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11225597                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2105479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312245                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          270                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        95675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       149531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10369463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1895592                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2204781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1583411                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           309189                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.390587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             10232901                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            10230258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6208080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13232390                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.385344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.469158                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8180537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9149095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2076994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1423                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       140511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22100951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18727038     84.73%     84.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1303777      5.90%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860061      3.89%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266099      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       454447      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84263      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53185      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47962      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304119      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22100951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8180537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9149095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1976720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1672280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               710                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1410029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         7976141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       108400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       304119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           33022895                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          22778583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                431970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4121341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8180537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9149095                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8180537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.245312                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.245312                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.308137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.308137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       48305376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      13266107                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12113123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1422                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1861023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1522358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764075                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190513                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8115                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18065295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10559508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1861023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       922656                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2211977                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        537643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       903273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1113283                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21529589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19317612     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         120305      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         188445      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         301153      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         125276      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         139055      0.65%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         148652      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          97510      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1091581      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21529589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070099                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.397746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17893022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1077256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2204749                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         5784                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       348775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       304531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12893217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       348775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17921282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        248445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       747474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2182819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        80791                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12882854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         2664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        30511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4673                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17877454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     59926075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     59926075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15216857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2660585                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1890                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          242588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1230672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       660286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       149984                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12862472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3376                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12160412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15891                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1657453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3702932                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21529589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16400691     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2060949      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1123782      5.22%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       767085      3.56%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       717344      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206525      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161195      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54671      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37347      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21529589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2877     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9016     39.48%     52.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10946     47.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10187005     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192104      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1471      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1124185      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655647      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12160412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.458047                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45889143                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14523450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11960856                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12183251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35441                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       348775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        178061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12865872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1230672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660286                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106897                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       212771                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11984356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1057246                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1712556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1685968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           655310                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.451415                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11961079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11960856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6994679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18279612                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.450530                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8938992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10956817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1909121                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       188220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21180814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16730698     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2156118     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       839825      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450621      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338434      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188874      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117182      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104508      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254554      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21180814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8938992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10956817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1642991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1004477                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1572730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9872951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       222570                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       254554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33792133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26080681                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                295481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               5018805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8938992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10956817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8938992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.969954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.969954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.336706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.336706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       54038886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16577831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12024009                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26546949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1784085                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603701                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1225510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1196576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19038124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10154260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1784085                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1297606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2267495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        470745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       817688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1151640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22451530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20184035     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         356886      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         167778      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         352368      1.57%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         101820      0.45%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         328844      1.46%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          48185      0.21%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          76601      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         835013      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22451530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.382502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18813624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1046750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2262868                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1840                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       326444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       158641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1779                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     11285858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       326444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18839180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        774178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       194571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2238440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        78713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     11266982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        63295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     14691011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     50945236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     50945236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     11862047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2828841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          169127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2102877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       311672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        70744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         11209182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        10481397                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6801                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2063201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4230542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22451530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17846411     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1416659      6.31%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1589097      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901952      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449544      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112722      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129609      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3040      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2496      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22451530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16579     56.50%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7146     24.35%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5618     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8175048     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77592      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1919385     18.31%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308668      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     10481397                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.394825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43450468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13273847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10214508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     10510740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433008                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       326444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        674600                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9414                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11210626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2102877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        95858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       149695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10353282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1892744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2201387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1580576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           308643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.389999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             10217148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            10214508                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6198505                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        13216005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.384771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.469015                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8166554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9133039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       140721                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22125086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18757531     84.78%     84.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1301249      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       858386      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265285      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453977      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83985      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53158      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47738      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303777      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22125086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8166554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9133039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1973640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1669837                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1407614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         7962016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       108180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       303777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33032316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          22748878                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                431919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4095419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8166554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9133039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8166554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.250692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.250692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.307627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.307627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       48232371                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      13245334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12096918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1862875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765035                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18074285                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10571594                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1862875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       923676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2214581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        536715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       904190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1113485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21541633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19327052     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         120230      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         188667      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         301885      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         125283      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         139075      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         149173      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          97332      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1092936      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21541633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070169                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17902277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1077909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2207336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       348307                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       304585                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12908908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       348307                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17930564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        234071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       760755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2185374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        82559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12898846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6191                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17902278                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60000986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60000986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15240219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2662059                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          243122                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       661029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19668                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       150316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12878261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12176663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1654956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3698588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          403                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21541633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16406187     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2063725      9.58%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1125676      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766675      3.56%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718745      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206576      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161874      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54943      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37232      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21541633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2875     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9005     39.38%     51.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10988     48.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10200727     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192507      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125404      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656552      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12176663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.458659                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22868                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45933707                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14536755                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11977727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12199531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       225678                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21550                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       348307                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        152881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12881663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107097                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       212759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12000852                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1714601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1688107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           656215                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11977938                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11977727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7004965                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18306980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451166                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382639                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8952685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10973605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1908134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       187753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21193326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16736748     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2159665     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       840751      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451065      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338573      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189218      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117606      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104375      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255325      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21193326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8952685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10973605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1645489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1006010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1575143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9888066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       222908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       255325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33819675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26111815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5006761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8952685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10973605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8952685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.965411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.965411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54114561                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16602289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12038149                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1766758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94522                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18724529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11099463                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1766758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       726922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2194662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        298744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2878018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1076017                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23999208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21804546     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          78116      0.33%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         160999      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          67728      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         363449      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         325118      1.35%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          62386      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         131217      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1005649      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23999208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18511561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      3092558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2186352                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7091                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       201640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       155299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13011984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       201640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18538263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2874063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       129303                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2170168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85765                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13004120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        43910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        28211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1011                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15274531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     61235341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     61235341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13501432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1773099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          200790                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3064514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1549020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        75005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12977068                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12457093                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7527                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1032824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2488468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23999208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19519632     81.33%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1370828      5.71%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109242      4.62%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476313      1.98%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       597153      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563506      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320886      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25800      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15848      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23999208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31390     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238326     86.11%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7053      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7818180     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108542      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          745      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2985043     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1544583     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12457093                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.469222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276769                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022218                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49197690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14011809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12348983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12733862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       201640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2806545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12978646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3064514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1549020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       110602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12369281                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2975519                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4519901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1620764                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1544382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.465914                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12349398                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12348983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6672588                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13181657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.465150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10022457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11777540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1202490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        96375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23797568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19507149     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1581183      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736229      3.09%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722489      3.04%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200072      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825233      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62918      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45889      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116406      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23797568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10022457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11777540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4479821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2941713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1555345                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10472822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       113988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       116406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36661166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26161733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                402440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2549186                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10022457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11777540                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10022457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.648891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.648891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.377517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.377517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       61142636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14345691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15485735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2296798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912306                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19969363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12601606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2296798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1083201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2624964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        589496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1873031                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1242371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24845723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       22220759     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         160129      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         201489      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         323035      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         136206      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         173189      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         203210      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          93469      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1334237      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24845723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.474665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19852778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2002962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2612359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       376325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       349422                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15404730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       376325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19873422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         64866                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1881480                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2592948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        56675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15309487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21380515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71186269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71186269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17834532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3545973                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          199964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       748565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       170501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14943592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14318765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3784204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24845723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18780194     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765838     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130574      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633697      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858885      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265918      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259902      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139574      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11141      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24845723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98972     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13619     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12800     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12062232     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195387      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313450      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745927      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14318765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.539346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53624010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16794228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13941869                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14444156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10640                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       376325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14947277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119223                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       243389                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14066767                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290934                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2036734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1988305                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           745800                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13941984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13941869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8351715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22443455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.525149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10376049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12785783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161545                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       212529                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24469398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19055975     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744388     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996495      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496131      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453257      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190268      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188938      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89552      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254394      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24469398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10376049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12785783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1896044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1159265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1853126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11511541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       264062                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       254394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           39162254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30271003                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                305761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1702671                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10376049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12785783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10376049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.558623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.558623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63290014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19482369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14242621                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2296300                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911917                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12598762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2296300                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1082945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2624361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        589379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1879462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22224660     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         160073      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         201444      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         322962      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136180      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         173148      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         203171      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          93438      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1333945      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24849021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19850376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2009336                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2611758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       349330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15401269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19871016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1887881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2592351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15306046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21375719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71170303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71170303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17830346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3545373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          199919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       748376                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14940209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784964     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765127     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130298      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633524      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858709      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265865      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259852      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139545      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24849021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98961     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13612     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12794     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059474     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195365      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313134      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745738      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53620709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16790495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13938665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       376252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14943890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748376                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       243341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14063522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2036237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1987857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           745611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13938780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13938665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8349774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22438362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10373567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12782802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       212485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060668     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2743692     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996271      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496003      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453121      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190233      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188900      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89538      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24472769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10373567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12782802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1895593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1158999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1852712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11508844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       264005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       254343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39162299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30264166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                305668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1699373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12782802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10373567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63275413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19477895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14239363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1941207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18564329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11045212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1941207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       955290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2429063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        547394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1864488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1145533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23209377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20780314     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         262884      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         305558      1.32%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         167361      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         191972      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         106002      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          72187      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         186742      0.80%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1136357      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23209377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.416041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18411969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2020055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2408896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       314783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13479923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        10542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18441704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        539882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1398087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2399072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        81137                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13470831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        38288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18721154                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62724524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62724524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15963778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2757376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          222084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1288191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       700205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18632                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       154299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13448923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3572                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1693446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3926468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23209377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17857479     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2153208      9.28%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155737      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801281      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699899      3.02%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356800      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87120      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55890      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41963      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23209377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3169     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11821     43.12%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12422     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10632147     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198525      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174520      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695029      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.478439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48657927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15146072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12489387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31620                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           73                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        495655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13452518                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1288191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2007                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       219808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12513460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1798236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1749856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           694823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.471345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12489624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12489387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7423957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19449530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.470439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9375094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11501184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1951498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       193738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22859885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18160481     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179203      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913906      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548860      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379215      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245831      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127623      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102292      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202474      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22859885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9375094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11501184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1742194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1057759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1645824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10368841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       233910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       202474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36110028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27254869                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                286751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3339017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9375094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11501184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9375094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.831800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.831800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.353132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.353132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       56449360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17335383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12582113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2051592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1678512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       839273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         804513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19723493                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11472411                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2051592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1015143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2392144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        553485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1100324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1208628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23565497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21173353     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         110688      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         176147      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         238786      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         246795      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         209471      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         116183      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         174345      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1119729      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23565497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19521376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1305162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2387493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       348585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       337708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14076312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       348585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19575167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        187336                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       993320                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2337196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       123890                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14070449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        18205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        53213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19630779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     65450872                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     65450872                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16974811                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2655968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          368919                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       712437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8442                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       229633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14052759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3454                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13328277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1582960                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804181                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23565497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17882089     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2370511     10.06%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1191128      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871162      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688172      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281603      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176464      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92407      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11961      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23565497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2775     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8616     38.43%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11027     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11210958     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199148      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1668      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206387      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710116      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13328277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502037                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22418                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50246487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15639236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13127316                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13350695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215281                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       348585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        157018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14056239                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114978                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       231212                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13143911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1845310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1867201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           710049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13127447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13127316                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7536499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20313930                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.494467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9895439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12175941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880308                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       204397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23216912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18182917     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2514699     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931656      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445225      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398569      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216189      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174302      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85618      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267737      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23216912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9895439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12175941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1804281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1102761                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1755769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10970306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       250678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       267737                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37005346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28461097                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                300823                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2982897                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9895439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12175941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9895439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.682892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.682892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.372732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.372732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59148743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18287257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13046355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2297391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19973992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12604873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2297391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1083453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2625632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        589649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1867162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1242662                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201708                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24845173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22219541     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         160173      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         201532      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         323128      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136229      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         173227      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         203257      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          93483      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1334603      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24845173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19857313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1997118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2613019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       376422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       349500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15408680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       376422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19877966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1875593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2593601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15313392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21386129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71204392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71204392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17839208                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3546909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          200037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       748734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       170552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14947454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14322495                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15370                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1847366                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3785078                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24845173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18778114     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2766497     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130892      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633845      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       859094      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265989      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259978      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139622      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11142      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24845173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99001     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13620     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12802     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12065392     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195455      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313783      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746096      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14322495                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125423                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53630956                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16798585                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13945487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14447918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       376422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6263                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14951139                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       243457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14070427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1291260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2037229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1988823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           745969                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529992                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13945602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13945487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8353954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22449381                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10378727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12789066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2162126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       212585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24468751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19053974     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2745052     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996761      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496251      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453361      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190322      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188991      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89573      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254466      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24468751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10378727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12789066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1896495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1159547                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1853605                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11514478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       264124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       254466                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39165399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30278826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                305816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1703221                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10378727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12789066                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10378727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.557962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.557962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63306399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19487586                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14246260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1788905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228476                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199682                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4228                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19096488                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10182427                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1788905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1301165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2273455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        472232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       807930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1155168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22507103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20233648     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         357427      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         167847      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         353131      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         102763      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         329680      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          48515      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          76867      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         837225      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22507103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.383542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18869937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1039066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2268791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       327446                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       159120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     11318268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       327446                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18895555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        752549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       207962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2244317                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        79270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     11299583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        63735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     14732209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     51094845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     51094845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     11899377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2832824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          170085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2109044                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       313013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1905                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        69501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         11242093                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10512824                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2068051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4241917                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22507103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17887801     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1423376      6.32%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1591302      7.07%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904419      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       451235      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113260      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130130      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3073      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2507      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22507103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16606     56.46%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7162     24.35%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5644     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8199696     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77889      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924661     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309871      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10512824                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.395987                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43568963                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13311617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10245206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10542236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       435030                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       327446                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        652221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11243544                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2109044                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       313013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          731                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          275                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       150172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10384970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1898251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2208094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1585171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           309843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.391171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             10247919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            10245206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6216256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13257661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.385907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.468880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8190740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9160977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2083082                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       141196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22179657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18800810     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1306021      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       861148      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266168      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455433      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84557      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53296      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47929      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304295      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22179657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8190740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9160977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1979012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1674010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1411778                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         7986688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       108592                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       304295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33119395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          22815851                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                433349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4041291                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8190740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9160977                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8190740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.241269                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.241269                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.308521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.308521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       48379038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      13285598                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12130356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1862619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184014                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18070236                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10571274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1862619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       922649                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2213332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        537427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       879212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1113171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184921                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21512140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19298808     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         119742      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         187983      0.87%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         301640      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         125120      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         138993      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         149306      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          97850      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1092698      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21512140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17897530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1053654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2206185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5679                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       304738                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12907424                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17925902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        228780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       741448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2184064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12897650                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         3605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6788                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17898645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59995422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59995422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15230179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2668466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          243053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231342                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       660984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       150257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12877394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12172383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16094                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1662417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3715753                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21512140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16379822     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2061433      9.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1125000      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766566      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718924      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206351      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161826      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54899      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37319      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21512140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2894     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8869     39.07%     51.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10940     48.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10197360     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192397      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1472      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1124871      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656283      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12172383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22703                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45895703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14543328                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11973388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12195086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       225996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        162168                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12880778                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231342                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       212401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11996749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1057943                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175634                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1713833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1687258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           655890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451882                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11973603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11973388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7001238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18298564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.451002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8946737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10966411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       187684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21163051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16708928     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2157702     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       840814      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451858      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       337866      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189240      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117532      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104237      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254874      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21163051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8946737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10966411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1644409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1005346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1574120                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9881588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       222771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       254874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33788957                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26110811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                295321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5036249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8946737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10966411                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8946737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.967382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.967382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54096109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16595804                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12036982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1788934                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607985                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141953                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1229525                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1200029                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19084595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10179232                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1788934                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1301331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2273133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        471386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       790450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1154313                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138965                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22476935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20203802     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         357625      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         168254      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         353399      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         102002      0.45%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         329584      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          48484      0.22%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          76829      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         836956      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22476935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.383422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18858833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1020859                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2268496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       326884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       159237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1787                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     11314104                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       326884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18884460                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        736996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       205551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2244002                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        79038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     11295619                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        63622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     14728310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     51073630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     51073630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     11897068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2831242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          169894                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2107424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       312667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        71003                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         11237648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        10510105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065266                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4229952                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22476935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17858672     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421237      6.32%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593468      7.09%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904766      4.03%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450140      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112917      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130167      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3057      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2511      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22476935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16669     56.61%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7144     24.26%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5630     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8197793     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77914      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1923954     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309737      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     10510105                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.395885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43533451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13304390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10242851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10539548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       326884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        636677                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11239102                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2107424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       149949                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10382000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897368                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2207075                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1584932                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           309707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.391059                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             10245372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            10242851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6215390                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13252922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.385818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.468983                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8189413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9159306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2080319                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       140905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22150051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18772132     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305588      5.89%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860797      3.89%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266199      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455413      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84430      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53159      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47893      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304440      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22150051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8189413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9159306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1978750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1673852                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1411542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         7985180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       108556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       304440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33085210                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          22806409                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                432644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4071459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8189413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9159306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8189413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.241794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.241794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.308471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.308471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       48365159                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      13282304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12126799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609154167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676020667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679050478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679050478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974393.673596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984209.013922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.438090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.662386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.438090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.662386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283908984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348053684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286675395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350820095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286675395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350820095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886584.498920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896399.915395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886613.270839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896420.571161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886613.270839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896420.571161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1256                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.422257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.798001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.433591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   584.907998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1404.984500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.285600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.686028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2951                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1256                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1052824085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1052824085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82210819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    970613266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1052824085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2005141.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 798858.655144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838235.736465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                533                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     533                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862757295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941368314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862757295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941368314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78611019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    862757295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    941368314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710673.224876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750094.274104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710673.224876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750094.274104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1917341.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 710673.224876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750094.274104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2034                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.839157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.162420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.982147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   929.486207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1071.558826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.453851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.523222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3283                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607307403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1607307403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1607307403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2033                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.836369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         114949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.166871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.808953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.096930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   927.940736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1070.989750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.453096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.522944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3274                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2033                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58058861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1580460228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1638519089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58058861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1580460228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1638519089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58058861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1580460228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1638519089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1872866.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789440.673327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805961.184948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1872866.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789440.673327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805961.184948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1872866.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789440.673327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805961.184948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55337061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1404642630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459979691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55337061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1404642630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459979691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55337061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1404642630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459979691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.379454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1785066.483871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 701619.695305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718140.526808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1785066.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 701619.695305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718140.526808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1785066.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 701619.695305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718140.526808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2977                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.617376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         117678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        23.427832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.795112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.405690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   866.963372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1145.453201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.423322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.559303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            811                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 811                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3584                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3585                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2977                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56763446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2703599451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2760362897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6497317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6497317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56763446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2710096768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     2766860214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56763446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2710096768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    2766860214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              6547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               6562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              6562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.450998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.450728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.450728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1576762.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 920844.499659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928789.669246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1299463.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1299463.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1576762.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 921488.190411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929412.231777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1576762.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 921488.190411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929412.231777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53602646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2445784191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499386837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6058317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53602646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2451842508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505445154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53602646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2451842508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505445154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.450998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.450728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.450728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1488962.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 833032.762602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840978.074361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1211663.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1211663.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1488962.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 833676.473308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841600.656365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1488962.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 833676.473308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841600.656365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.811137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         114933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.197498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.365178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   927.888310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1072.746520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.453070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.523802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3259                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56724781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593793836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1650518617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56724781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593793836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1650518617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56724781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1593793836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1650518617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.384135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025885.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 796498.668666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813464.079349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025885.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 796498.668666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813464.079349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025885.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 796498.668666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813464.079349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                293                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     293                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54266381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418193836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472460217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54266381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418193836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472460217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54266381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1418193836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472460217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938085.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708742.546727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725707.351897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938085.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708742.546727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725707.351897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1938085.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 708742.546727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725707.351897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2989                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.618211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         117665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.369414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.792991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.072095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   868.567579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1144.185545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.424105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.558684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3571                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2989                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64748813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2704963987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2769712800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8342916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8342916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64748813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2713306903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2778055716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64748813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2713306903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2778055716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1749967.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 917870.372243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928187.935657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1668583.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1668583.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1749967.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 919141.904810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929426.469053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1749967.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 919141.904810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929426.469053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61499181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2446141522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2507640703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7903036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7903036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61499181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454044558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515543739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61499181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454044558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515543739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1662140.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 830044.629114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840362.165885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1580607.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1580607.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1662140.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831315.907182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841600.447976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1662140.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831315.907182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841600.447976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3769                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.934194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         151649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        26.069967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.279790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.503793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1275.107607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         754.043004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.622611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.368185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3652                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3653                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3769                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75987806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3550103315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3626091121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3414482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3414482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75987806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3553517797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3629505603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75987806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3553517797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3629505603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.507821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.507815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.507815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2171080.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951515.227821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962849.474509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1138160.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1138160.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2171080.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951665.183985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962989.016450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2171080.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951665.183985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962989.016450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                673                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     673                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72913897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3222471829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3295385726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3151082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3151082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72913897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3225622911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298536808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72913897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3225622911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298536808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2083254.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863701.910748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875036.039830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1050360.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1050360.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2083254.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863851.877611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875175.592465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2083254.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863851.877611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875175.592465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.420968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.222212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.440817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   449.188162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1527.569778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.015352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.219330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.745884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736702731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     846341684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736702731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      846341684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109638953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    736702731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     846341684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 804260.623362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888081.515215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 804260.623362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888081.515215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2963214.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 804260.623362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888081.515215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    656270721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762660763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    656270721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    762660763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    106390042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    656270721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    762660763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 716452.752183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800273.623295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 716452.752183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800273.623295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2875406.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 716452.752183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800273.623295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.421781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         177770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        59.296197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.445369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   449.015669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1527.737312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.219246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.745965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      855265245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    743560118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     855265245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 814414.148959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900279.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    662988180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771435378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.243272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 726164.490690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812037.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1841                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.508305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         177530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        45.649267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.526772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.243823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   833.567785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1141.169925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.407016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.557212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3388                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3389                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1841                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1578000452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1578000452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1578000452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.348842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.348842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1251                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.424763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.865939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.494127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   583.462216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1406.368790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.284894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.686704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2940                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2942                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88639380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    995089819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1083729199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88639380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    995089819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1083729199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88639380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    995089819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1083729199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161936.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822388.280165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866290.326938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161936.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822388.280165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866290.326938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161936.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822388.280165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866290.326938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85037972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    887652882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    972690854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85037972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    887652882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    972690854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     85037972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    887652882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    972690854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2074096.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734204.203474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778152.683200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2074096.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734204.203474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778152.683200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2074096.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734204.203474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778152.683200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.423347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.224318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.443890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   449.515853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1527.239286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.015353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.219490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.745722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108266105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    735011619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     843277724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108266105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    735011619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      843277724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108266105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    735011619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     843277724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926110.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802414.431223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884866.447009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926110.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802414.431223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884866.447009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926110.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 802414.431223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884866.447009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105017122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    654581677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    759598799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105017122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    654581677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    759598799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105017122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    654581677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    759598799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2838300.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 714608.817686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797060.649528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2838300.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 714608.817686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797060.649528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2838300.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 714608.817686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797060.649528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.835525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         114971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        28.130903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.808821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.865073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   928.903199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1070.258432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.453566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.522587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            588                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 588                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3294                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3295                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2039                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53590229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1573604450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1627194679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53590229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1573604450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1627194679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53590229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1573604450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1627194679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          588                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             588                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.382695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1674694.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784058.021923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798035.644434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1674694.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784058.021923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798035.644434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1674694.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784058.021923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798035.644434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                293                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     293                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50780116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1397358718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448138834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50780116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1397358718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448138834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50780116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1397358718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448138834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1586878.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696242.510214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710220.124571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1586878.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696242.510214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710220.124571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1586878.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696242.510214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710220.124571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2998                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.609486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         117668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.328311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.787845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.956603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   871.922641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1140.942397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.425743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.557101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2998                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55612179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2723298385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2778910564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6520619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6520619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55612179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2729819004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2785431183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55612179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2729819004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2785431183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.456459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544782.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 920966.650321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928469.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1304123.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1304123.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544782.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 921613.438217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929096.458639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544782.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 921613.438217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929096.458639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                459                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     459                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52450211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2463616002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2516066213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6081619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6081619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52450211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2469697621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2522147832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52450211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2469697621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2522147832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.453252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456950.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 833147.109232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840650.254928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1216323.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216323.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456950.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 833793.930115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841276.795197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1456950.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 833793.930115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841276.795197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.814018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         114947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.138800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.973425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   929.132768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1068.896525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.453678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.521922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3273                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3274                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75237032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1564901452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1640138484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75237032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1564901452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1640138484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75237032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1564901452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1640138484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.380194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2279910.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 780888.948104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805173.531664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2279910.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 780888.948104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805173.531664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2279910.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 780888.948104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805173.531664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72339452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1388903962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461243414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72339452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1388903962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461243414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72339452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1388903962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461243414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.380194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2192104.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 693065.849301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717350.718704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2192104.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 693065.849301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717350.718704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2192104.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 693065.849301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717350.718704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692410361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692410361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702400918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702400918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702400918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702400918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539904.103223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539904.103223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539914.102236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539914.102236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539914.102236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539914.102236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889346255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889346255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527941.666214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527941.666214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.429947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.429947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.429947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.429947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.479561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              971661590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1875794.575290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.479561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1211228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1211228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1211228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1211228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1211280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1825823.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82693020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82693020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923093.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148146229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33517.246380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.799298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.200702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.874216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.125784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       831878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       699598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1531476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1531476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4427689954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4427689954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8671109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8671109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4436361063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4436361063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4436361063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4436361063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       845056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       845056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       699702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1544758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1544758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335991.042192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335991.042192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83376.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83376.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334013.029890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1171691461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171691461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1158973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172850434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172850434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172850434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172850434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 282607.684756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282607.684756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64387.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64387.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281664.369356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.095088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              888970452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1595997.220826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.781906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.313182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1154605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1154605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              199459446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35977.533550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.535152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.464848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1743533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       303331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2046864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2046864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9122631240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9122631240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2155827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2155827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9124787067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9124787067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9124787067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9124787067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1762951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       303357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2066308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2066308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469802.824184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469802.824184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82916.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82916.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1800685004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1800685004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1801069604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801069604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1801069604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801069604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340845.164490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340845.164490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              551.366150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              888968477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1590283.500894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.053109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.313041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.040149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1152630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1152630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1152630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1152630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1152630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1152630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71626943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71626943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71626943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71626943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71626943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71626943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1152671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1152671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1152671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1152671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1152671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1152671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1746998.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1746998.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1746998.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1746998.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1746998.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1746998.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58398078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58398078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58398078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58398078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58398078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58398078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824939.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824939.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824939.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824939.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824939.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824939.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              199456915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36055.118402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.513463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.486537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.720756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.279244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1741358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1741358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       302979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2044337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2044337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2044337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2044337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9200816398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9200816398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2163032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2163032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9202979430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9202979430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9202979430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9202979430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1760692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1760692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       303005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2063697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2063697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2063697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2063697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475887.886521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 475887.886521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83193.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83193.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475360.507748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 475360.507748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475360.507748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 475360.507748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1811086081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811086081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1811470681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811470681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1811470681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811470681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343659.597913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343659.597913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343341.675701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343341.675701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343341.675701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343341.675701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              520.146663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              977216742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1854301.218216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.146663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1113227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1113227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1113227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1113227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1113227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90996093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90996093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90996093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90996093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90996093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90996093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1113283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1113283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1113283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1624930.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1624930.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1624930.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1624930.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1624930.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1624930.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57138059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57138059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57138059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57138059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57138059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57138059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1544271.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544271.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1544271.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544271.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1544271.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544271.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              162720389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             23996.518065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.995670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.004330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.890608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.109392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       770010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       635421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1405431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1405431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1405431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        17195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        17195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7693923776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7693923776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61321567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61321567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7755245343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7755245343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7755245343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7755245343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       787112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       635514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1422626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1422626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 449884.444860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449884.444860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 659371.688172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659371.688172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 451017.466880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451017.466880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 451017.466880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451017.466880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2962701220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962701220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7184036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2969885256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2969885256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2969885256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2969885256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 455100.033794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455100.033794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 478935.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478935.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 455154.828506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455154.828506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 455154.828506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455154.828506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.511547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              888967449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1598862.318345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.197692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.313855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.037176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1151602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1151602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1151602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1151602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1151602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1151602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70300063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70300063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70300063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70300063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70300063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70300063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1151640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1151640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1151640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1151640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1151640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1151640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1850001.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1850001.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1850001.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57023116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57023116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57023116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57023116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57023116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57023116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1966314.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966314.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966314.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              199453584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36172.213275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.459590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.540410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.720545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1738664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1738664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2041010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2041010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2041010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2041010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9274353707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9274353707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2222503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2222503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9276576210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9276576210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9276576210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9276576210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1757951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1757951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2060323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2060323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2060323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2060323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480860.357080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480860.357080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85480.884615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85480.884615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480328.080050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1823368435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823368435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1823753035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823753035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1823753035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823753035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 347109.924805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347109.924805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346787.038410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.761906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977216940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1850789.659091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.761906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1113425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1113425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107348902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107348902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107348902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107348902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107348902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107348902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1789148.366667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1789148.366667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1789148.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1789148.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1789148.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1789148.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65129998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65129998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65129998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65129998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65129998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65129998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1713947.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1713947.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1713947.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1713947.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1713947.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1713947.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162721039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24007.235025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.040461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.959539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       769696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        769696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       636384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1406080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1406080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7703691200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7703691200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     77110526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77110526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7780801726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7780801726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7780801726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7780801726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       786878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       786878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       636475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1423353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1423353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448358.235363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448358.235363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 847368.417582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847368.417582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450460.355815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450460.355815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450460.355815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450460.355815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2963070535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963070535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9034534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9034534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2972105069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972105069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2972105069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2972105069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455366.610573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455366.610573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 602302.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 602302.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455704.549065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455704.549065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455704.549065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455704.549065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.531460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001083856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1728987.661485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.234665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.296795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1075966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1075966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1075966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1075966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1075966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1075966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113695873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113695873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113695873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113695873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113695873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113695873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1076016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1076016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1076016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2273917.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2273917.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2273917.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2273917.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2273917.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2273917.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76344539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76344539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76344539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76344539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76344539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76344539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2120681.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2120681.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2120681.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2120681.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2120681.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2120681.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              393113888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             51441.231091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.859865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.140135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2806548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2806548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1536567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1536567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4343115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4343115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4343115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4343115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        27310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        27310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14475236256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14475236256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10790355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10790355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14486026611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14486026611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14486026611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14486026611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2833840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2833840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1536585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1536585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4370425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4370425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4370425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4370425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 530383.858127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530383.858127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 599464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 530429.388905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530429.388905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 530429.388905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530429.388905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3829695711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3829695711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3631682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3631682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3833327393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3833327393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3833327393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3833327393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 518928.958130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518928.958130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 605280.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 605280.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 518999.105470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518999.105470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 518999.105470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518999.105470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              490.324486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              974825874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1973331.728745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.324486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1242313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1242313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161909532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2998324.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1774492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 354898.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110076130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2822464.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              144469636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35839.651699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.616180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.383820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.861782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.138218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       988934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       733062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1721996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1721996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2184602174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2184602174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8198112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8198112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2192800286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2192800286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2192800286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2192800286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       998571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       733171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1731742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1731742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226689.029158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226689.029158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75212.036697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75212.036697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224994.899036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224994.899036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224994.899036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224994.899036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7230                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    929329061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    929329061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1299162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    930628223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930628223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    930628223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930628223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 247359.345488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247359.345488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72175.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72175.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 246524.032583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246524.032583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 246524.032583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246524.032583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.324615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974825575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1973331.123482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.324615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144469202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35875.143283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.630793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.369207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.861839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.138161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205836669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8213726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2214050395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229035.060638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75355.284404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227315.235626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936107571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1299401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    937406972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249429.142286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72188.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248583.127022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              512.201805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              972824819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1881672.764023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.201805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1145478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1145478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              153885721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             28230.732159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.701150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.298850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.885551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.114449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       806063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       680550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1486613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1486613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7685602156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7685602156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    330074614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330074614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8015676770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8015676770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8015676770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8015676770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       824101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       681084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1505185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1505185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 426078.398714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426078.398714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 618117.254682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618117.254682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       808901                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 134816.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1745612763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745612763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       971901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1746584664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746584664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1746584664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746584664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336990.880888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336990.880888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64793.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64793.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              510.457405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              971658938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1875789.455598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.457405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1208576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1208576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1208576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1208576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1208576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96105203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96105203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96105203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96105203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96105203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96105203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1208627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1208627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1208627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1884415.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1884415.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1884415.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1884415.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1884415.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1884415.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89121419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89121419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89121419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89121419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89121419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89121419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2072591.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072591.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2072591.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072591.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2072591.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072591.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148142772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33622.962324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.733656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.266344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       829851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        829851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       698174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1528025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1528025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        13238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        13238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4482711294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4482711294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8490741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8490741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4491202035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4491202035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4491202035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4491202035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       842985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       698278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1541263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1541263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341305.869804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341305.869804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81641.740385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81641.740385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339265.903837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339265.903837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339265.903837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339265.903837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1195490497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1195490497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1158021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1196648518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196648518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1196648518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196648518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 289324.902469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289324.902469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64334.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64334.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288349.040482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288349.040482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288349.040482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288349.040482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              490.329729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              974826164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1973332.315789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.329729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1242603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1242603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1242603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    160973458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160973458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    160973458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160973458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    160973458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160973458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1242658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926790.145455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2926790.145455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926790.145455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2926790.145455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2926790.145455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2926790.145455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1758882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351776.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108706828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108706828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108706828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108706828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108706828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108706828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2787354.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2787354.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2787354.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2787354.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2787354.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2787354.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              144470051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35839.754651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.643059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.356941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.861887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.138113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       989180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        989180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       733231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1722411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1722411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2188606098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2188606098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8204798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8204798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2196810896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2196810896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2196810896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2196810896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       998817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       733340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1732157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1732157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227104.503269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227104.503269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75273.376147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75273.376147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225406.412477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225406.412477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225406.412477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225406.412477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35288                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        17644                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    927646910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    927646910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1294781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    928941691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    928941691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    928941691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    928941691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246911.607666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246911.607666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 71932.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71932.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246077.269139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246077.269139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246077.269139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246077.269139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              551.177159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              888970971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1587448.162500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.863300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.313859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.039845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1155124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1155124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1155124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1155124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1155124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62384031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62384031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62384031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62384031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62384031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62384031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1155168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1155168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1417818.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1417818.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53935941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53935941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53935941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53935941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53935941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53935941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1634422.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634422.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              199459832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35899.897768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.524069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.475931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.720797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.279203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1743714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       303539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2047253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2047253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2047253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2047253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9130337887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9130337887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2118448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2118448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9132456335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9132456335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9132456335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9132456335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1763089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1763089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       303565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2066654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2066654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 471243.245781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471243.245781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81478.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81478.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 470720.907943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470720.907943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 470720.907943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470720.907943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1805471380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805471380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1805855980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805855980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1805855980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805855980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340976.653447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340976.653447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.510814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977216632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1854301.009488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.510814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1113117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1113117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1113117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78865549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78865549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78865549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78865549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78865549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78865549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1113171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1460473.129630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1460473.129630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1460473.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1460473.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1460473.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1460473.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55976732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55976732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55976732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55976732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55976732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55976732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1512884.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512884.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1512884.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512884.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1512884.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512884.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162721005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23961.273008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.001585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.998415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.890631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.109369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       770093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       635967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1406060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7683030037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7683030037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61237121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61237121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7744267158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7744267158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7744267158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7744267158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       787132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       636062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1423194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450908.506192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450908.506192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 644601.273684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644601.273684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451982.441812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451982.441812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451982.441812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451982.441812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2981632406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2981632406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7211930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7211930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2988844336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988844336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2988844336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988844336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457305.583742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457305.583742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 480795.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480795.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457359.500536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457359.500536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457359.500536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457359.500536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              552.290736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              888970115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1584616.960784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.977771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.312965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1154268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1154268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1154268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1154268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1154268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102497220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102497220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102497220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102497220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102497220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102497220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1154313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1154313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1154313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2277716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2277716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2277716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49009                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75583035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75583035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75583035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75583035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75583035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75583035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2223030.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2223030.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2223030.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              199458948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36048.969456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.536950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.463050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.720847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.279153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1742931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1742931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2046365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2046365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9121584239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9121584239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2214237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2214237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9123798476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9123798476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9123798476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9123798476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1762299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       303460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2065759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2065759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470961.598461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 470961.598461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85162.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85162.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470444.388780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470444.388780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470444.388780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470444.388780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1795505983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795505983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1795890583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795890583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1795890583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795890583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340638.585278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340638.585278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340324.158234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340324.158234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340324.158234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340324.158234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
