
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108742459011                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621351661899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301442                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382497                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1936334                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56158.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16928668964                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21480631159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4293248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1076992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2274048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4306560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4309376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2294400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1076864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3682944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3673856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2267264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2274432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1478656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4298240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1482240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1479296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1481856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41830912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9700992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9700992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        33645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        33667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        28773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        28702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        33580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                326804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           75789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                75789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39480880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9904061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20912236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39603298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39629194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21099394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9902884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33868500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33784927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20849850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20915768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13597780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39526787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13630738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13603665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13627207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               384678739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43552                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        49438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             741569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89210710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89210710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89210710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39480880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9904061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20912236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39603298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        48261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39629194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21099394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        43552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9902884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33868500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33784927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20849850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20915768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        49438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13597780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        48261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39526787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13630738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13603665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13627207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              473889449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17566614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15850819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6623052                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6293662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         972152                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41198                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186564595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110382731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17566614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7265814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21842929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2899911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     25986133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10705316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236345748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214502819     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         781680      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1593789      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         679980      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630062      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3242781      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         631016      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1305324      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9978297      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236345748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184638754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27923731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21762157                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1951592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541510                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129430767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2703                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1951592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184884300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      25924071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1147207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21614047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       824525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129359539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         5594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       418994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       267405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        17570                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151870708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609243055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609243055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17147848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7999                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1887258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30536964                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15442809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140240                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       744880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129114622                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15475                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124148737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70443                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9936488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23738306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          495                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236345748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191736344     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13642451      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11026880      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4748943      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5939213      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5634482      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3203639      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255767      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158029      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236345748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313155     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2385579     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69850      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77882480     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082028      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29771842     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15404955     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124148737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2768584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487482249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139069806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123091282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126917321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1188927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          477                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97472                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10951                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1951592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25288216                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       241828                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129130175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30536964                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15442809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7996                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149529                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          148                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       540975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1083316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123284972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29676493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45079668                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16155350                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472767                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123094472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123091282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66501446                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131274749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472024                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506582                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11627534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       945016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234394156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191610743     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15744965      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7336907      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211745      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1994595      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8254905      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627128      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458662      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154506      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234394156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362383254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260239586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4009427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24427536                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.607733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.607733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609513669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142942350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154136459                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22616109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18831787                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2055900                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8582369                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8266067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2433880                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196766315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124077369                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22616109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10699947                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25861468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5724101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     17926824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12219639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1965695                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    244205924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      218344456     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1584887      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1993470      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3184225      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1340236      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1713996      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2000854      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         915396      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13128404      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    244205924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086727                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195610111                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     19195939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25738630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3649047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3441068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    151676962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3649047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      195808398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        632087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     18010683                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25552466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       553236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    150744181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        79814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       385610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    210541175                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    700999982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    700999982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    176172849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34368318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        36448                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1943059                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14119189                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7379438                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673142                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        147173203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       141200534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17839118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36322829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244205924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184380168     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27285925     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11152604      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6252808      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8470706      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611281      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2564023      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379662      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108747      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244205924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973725     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133066     10.80%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125863     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118955819     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930034      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17471      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12939728      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7357482      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    141200534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232654                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527982651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165049580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137524027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    142433188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2669210                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103479                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        480218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147209792                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14119189                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7379438                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52657                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1218546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2373920                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138740456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12727034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2460078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20083824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19618972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7356790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            137524480                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           137524027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        82395443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       221370303                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372206                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102493470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    126295146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20915250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2073462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240556877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187104102     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27089970     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9836297      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4898445      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4482818      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1880442      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863860      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       886939      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514004      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240556877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    102493470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    126295146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18725935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11449976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18305840                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       113707008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2607964                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2514004                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          385252554                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         298069863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2985378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16567360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         102493470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           126295146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    102493470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.544292                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.544292                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      624270639                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     192172253                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     140268330                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        35214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17918771                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16001815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1428233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12012590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11706149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076611                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189431814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            101766723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17918771                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12782760                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22696537                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4681835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7603086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11461084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401708                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    222977035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      200280498     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3460587      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1745563      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3426500      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1099360      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3172546      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         500674      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         805513      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8485794      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    222977035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390250                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187583622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9494791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22651597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3228849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1689875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16750                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    113839678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        31655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3228849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      187793243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6225666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2607061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22445712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       676500                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    113672557                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        88884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       520371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    148978465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    515185991                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    515185991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    120863025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28115414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1547822                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     20512421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3328983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       756763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        113090064                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       105923867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67677                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20373017                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41685894                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222977035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176528759     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14616503      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15576563      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8997018      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4652998      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1165115      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381471      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32073      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26535      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222977035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176685     57.05%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73107     23.61%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59887     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83058416     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830360      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18726932     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300619      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    105923867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406191                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309679                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435202122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133478673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103237130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    106233546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4180951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76183                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3228849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5441994                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81852                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113105470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20512421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3328983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7731                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2198                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       966112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1513459                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104583151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18457986                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1340713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21758447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15898805                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3300461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401050                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            103261071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           103237130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        62474244                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       136065980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82240655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     92591176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20518928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1419284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219748186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185273891     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13545772      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8698283      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2742864      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4543387      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888943      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561771      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514843      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2978432      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219748186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     82240655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     92591176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19584263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            16331463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         14205721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        80918109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1158090                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2978432                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          329879559                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         229451629                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4229727                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              37796249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          82240655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            92591176                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     82240655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.170856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.170856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      486139571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     134516378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     120911387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17609866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15891016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6589538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6303410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40767                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186770572                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110650033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17609866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7273069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21892364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2910150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     26204228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10714409                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236832544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      214940180     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         780346      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1604255      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         683490      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3636493      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3236433      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         625793      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1308325      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10017229      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236832544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424315                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      184846585                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     28139752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21811544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        69769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1964888                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1544644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          493                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129756850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2758                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1964888                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      185093413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      26154904                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1140781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21663186                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       815366                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129681942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         1427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       417817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       267957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8154                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    152222228                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    610722474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    610722474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    134979784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17242340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1884803                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     30599116                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15480081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       748865                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        129434487                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       124402249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78138                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10052287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24148049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236832544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192156829     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13645139      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11036469      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4762367      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5960746      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5645596      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3210300      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256477      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158621      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236832544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313367     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2389884     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69973      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78032762     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086505      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7446      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29841266     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15434270     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    124402249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2773224                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488488404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139505456                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123333405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    127175473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1194815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          462                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10972                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1964888                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      25523039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       241468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129450045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30599116                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15480081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           92                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       538057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       543781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1081838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123537242                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29738366                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           45171054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16184579                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15432688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123336690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123333405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        66619442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       131490326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472953                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100191060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117740742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11723599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       941963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234867656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192004874     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15775455      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7346606      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7229118      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1996720      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8268702      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627994      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459129      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1159058      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234867656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100191060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117740742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             44779014                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            29404293                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7492                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15548323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104699539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1140349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1159058                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          363172640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         260893823                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4009886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23940740                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100191060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117740742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100191060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.602760                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.602760                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      610705867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     143216948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     154482944                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17628409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15906420                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6525731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6303110                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         973604                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40853                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186968283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            110777580                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17628409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7276714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21909777                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2908102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     26024336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10724973                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925381                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    236865385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      214955608     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         781902      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1599719      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         679965      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3638775      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3247983      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         626314      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1312910      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10022209      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    236865385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067601                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      185084503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     27919935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21828810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        69630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1962501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1547544                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    129878896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2773                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1962501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      185328862                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      25969190                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1123019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21682426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       799381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    129808089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       406202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       265301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5823                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    152396133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    611337802                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    611337802                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    135141625                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       17254489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1865470                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     30623782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15489444                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141000                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       751096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        129560190                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15517                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       124512410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10043452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24148974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          489                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236865385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192168366     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13638497      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11041404      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4766293      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5965290      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5655489      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3215210      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256327      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158509      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236865385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313726     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2394346     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70033      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78106331     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1087550      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7456      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29859035     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15452038     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    124512410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477474                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2778105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488739767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139622375                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123453549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    127290515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1186822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3221                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97523                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10989                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1962501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      25361379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129575785                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30623782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15489444                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8014                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3221                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536190                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       545164                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1081354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123649769                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29763317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           45213767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16202722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15450450                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123456850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123453549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        66693989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       131659468                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506564                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100308551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    117879261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11711305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15028                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       942288                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234902884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191997720     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15785795      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7351861      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7236404      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1999405      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8284415      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628616      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       460203      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1158465      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234902884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100308551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    117879261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             44828881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            29436960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7502                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15566774                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104822808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1141807                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1158465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          363334686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         261143808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4015127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23907899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100308551                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           117879261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100308551                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.599711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.599711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      611288787                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     143360259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     154659336                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15006                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19184000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15732345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1876364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7920310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7490209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969299                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183071252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            109055258                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19184000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9459508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23980140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5337320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17004067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11278111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1865338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    227483758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      203503618     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2598456      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3007113      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1652618      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1897262      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1048861      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         716089      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1858208      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11201533      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    227483758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.418200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      181577594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18525829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23781371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       188229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3410732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3113632                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17568                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    133105398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        87088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3410732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      181867779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6275419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     11437538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23687568                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       804719                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    133022958                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       206957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       371665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    184864688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    619330786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    619330786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    157847339                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27017319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34801                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19397                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2159304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12695498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6918392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181508                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1536295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        132807347                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       125505219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16599431                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38379768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227483758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174601140     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21269378      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11424766      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7918045      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6915109      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3535086      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       856942      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551680      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411612      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227483758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33028     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114731     42.57%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121772     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105049379     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963248      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15371      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11609044      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6868177      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    125505219                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.481281                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269531                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478941018                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149442847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123421098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    125774750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2236358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          822                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1209                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       150970                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7688                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3556                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3410732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5814708                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       139199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132842330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12695498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6918392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19379                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1209                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2141545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123656538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10901915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17768577                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17301955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6866662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            123423055                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           123421098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        73354749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       192100989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92693283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    113722364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19121284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31003                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1887144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224073026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177611902     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21545023      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9029071      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5430727      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3753528      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2428269      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1255881      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012725      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2005900      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224073026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     92693283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    113722364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17226559                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10459137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16275226                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       102525557                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2313630                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2005900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354910150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         269098103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2802511                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              33289526                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          92693283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           113722364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     92693283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.813292                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.813292                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      557800120                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     171293733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     124242089                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22616650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18831410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2054483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8616642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8270861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2434484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95278                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196755767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            124067564                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22616650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10705345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25860113                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5721770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     17949498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12217884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1964046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    244215802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      218355689     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1584837      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1999929      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3184601      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1330631      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1713063      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2000419      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         916256      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13130377      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    244215802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475768                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      195599198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     19219239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25737093                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3648122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3441971                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    151665323                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3648122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      195797437                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        632066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     18033660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25550935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       553575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    150731334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        79889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       386070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    210532424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    700949652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    700949652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    176181329                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34351080                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1942867                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14117224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7380401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        147177894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       141203489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17849125                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36325073                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1338                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244215802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184389368     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27282500     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11158507      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6252739      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8468599      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2610183      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2565626      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379549      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108731      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244215802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974116     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132847     10.78%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125822     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118957937     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930083      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17472      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12939707      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7358290      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    141203489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232785                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527998731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165064276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137530283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    142436274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2666667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        480518                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147214483                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14117224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7380401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1216079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2373078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138746606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12727950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2456883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20085562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19620527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7357612                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            137530758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           137530283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        82402540                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       221376296                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102498419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    126301322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20913688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2072049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240567680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187112069     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27091051     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9835557      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4900091      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4483383      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1881400      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863996      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       886688      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2513445      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240567680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    102498419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    126301322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18726891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11450557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18306751                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       113712571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2608101                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2513445                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          385268530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         298078162                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2983505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16557482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         102498419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           126301322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    102498419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.544169                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.544169                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      624299274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     192180214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     140260266                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18352975                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15008984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1794455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7629937                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7242760                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1888856                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178199284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            104145065                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18352975                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9131616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21824329                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5220647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      8176234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10958716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1806009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    211586176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      189761847     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1184865      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1869541      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2975682      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1232036      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1378548      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1469248      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         958814      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10755595      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    211586176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      176498510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9890230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21756504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        55048                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3385881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3008985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          453                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    127165258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2875                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3385881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      176771859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2057783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      7016787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21543060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       810803                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    127081660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        37453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       218650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       295290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66866                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    176425499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    591169460                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    591169460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    150569982                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25855461                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        32838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18279                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2363441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12112493                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6511931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1480216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        126902226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       120131772                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16039851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35720423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3568                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211586176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160897168     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20367111      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11127581      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7579865      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7081571      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2033086      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1589971      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       540220      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369603      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211586176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27929     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84876     38.35%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108527     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100633029     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1898961      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14558      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11107951      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6477273      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    120131772                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    452223977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142976359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118199000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    120353104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       363777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2174727                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          308                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1378                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7484                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          191                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3385881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1268477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109469                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126935295                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12112493                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6511931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18264                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81010                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1378                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1048761                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023715                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2072476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118419875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10445989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1711897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16921579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16668463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6475590                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.454110                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            118199820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           118199000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        69107541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       180516460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453263                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88445803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    108411162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18524680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29365                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1832865                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208200295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164190794     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21311244     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8299651      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4470695      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3346690      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1869678      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153903      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1031157      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2526483      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208200295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     88445803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    108411162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16255125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             9937759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             14650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15562166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        97686188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2202252                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2526483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          332609056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         257257818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2888966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              49187108                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          88445803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           108411162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     88445803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.948396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.948396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      534021941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163838324                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118623004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        29338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18346210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15004208                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1790337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7568082                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7232706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1885705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79212                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178012953                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104128329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18346210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9118411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21815251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5217152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8179879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10946970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1801734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    211395247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      189579996     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1183937      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1867396      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2975015      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1230940      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1373113      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1471072      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         957501      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10756277      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    211395247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.399306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      176311728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9894606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21747607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        54590                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3386713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3007357                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          454                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    127131311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2886                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3386713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      176584966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2005315                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7076452                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21533594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       808204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    127049274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        38476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       217732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       296398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63473                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    176380409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    591025618                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    591025618                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    150480133                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25900276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        32815                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18263                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2364068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12097996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6508516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196541                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1477258                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        126871954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32915                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       120068078                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       150950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16076917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35874466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3571                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211395247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160746601     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20346882      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11110893      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7574834      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7083902      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2032434      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1590480      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539518      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369703      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211395247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27761     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84830     38.39%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108356     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100583696     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1900305      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14549      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11094403      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6475125      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    120068078                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460431                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            220947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451903300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142983103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118143288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    120289025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       363703                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2166393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          296                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7471                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1265271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108878                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126905001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12097996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6508516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18257                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2069096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118361959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10435113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1706119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16908731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16658660                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6473618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            118144094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           118143288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        69074101                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       180452918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88392760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    108345966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18559498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29344                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1828628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208008534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164029587     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21297899     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8289933      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4470412      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3342685      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1867287      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153011      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1030036      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2527684      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208008534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88392760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    108345966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16245039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             9931603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15552743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        97627489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2200918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2527684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          332385729                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         257197845                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2885872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              49378037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88392760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           108345966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88392760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.950166                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.950166                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.338964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.338964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      533744653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     163755279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118596911                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        29318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17863259                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15950966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1424449                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11973032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11666912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43201                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188833795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            101449825                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17863259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12740224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22625131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4669335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7647676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          118                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11425830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    222343600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      199718469     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3448950      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1741970      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3415415      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1094647      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3161123      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         498472      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         804075      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8460479      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    222343600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068501                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      186985087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9539799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22580341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        18203                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3220166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1685831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        16713                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    113486642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        31645                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3220166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      187194741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6254401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2623417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22374611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       676260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    113320134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        88765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       520397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    148516331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    513586800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    513586800                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    120485388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28030943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15225                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1544867                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     20449149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3319176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       753551                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        112738614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       105590687                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68411                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20310316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41579074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222343600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176039730     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14575710      6.56%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15524009      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8966858      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4640210      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1161971      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1376582      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32042      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26488      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222343600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176535     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72993     23.61%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59694     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82796692     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       827410      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7517      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18668388     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3290680      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    105590687                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.404914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309222                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    433902607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133064481                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102913118                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    105899909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4169339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          284                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3220166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5467766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81856                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112753979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20449149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3319176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2154                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          284                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       962696                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1509257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104254796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18399600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1335891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21690113                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       15849386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3290513                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            102937069                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           102913118                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        62273757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       135630055                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394646                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     81982889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     92301457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20457130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1415532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219123434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184757554     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13503829      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8669873      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2733904      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4529723      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       885796      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560395      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512952      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2969408      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219123434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     81982889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     92301457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19522632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            16279810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         14161223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        80665066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1154519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2969408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          328912314                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         228739883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4217712                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              38429684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          81982889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            92301457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     81982889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.180826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.180826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      484606871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     134095279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     120534600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        15146                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17925123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16007438                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12003903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11709283                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1077324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189478845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            101808143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17925123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12786607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22704654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4681692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7644231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1658                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11463746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    223075285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      200370631     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3461716      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1747151      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3427758      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1097103      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3173556      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         500338      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         806635      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8490397      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    223075285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068738                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      187627874                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9540546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22659465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3229135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1690494                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16761                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    113885290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        31730                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3229135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      187837789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6247592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2629394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22453250                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       678121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    113718626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        88803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    149034979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    515396020                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    515396020                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    120920165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28114814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1551309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     20522799                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3330993                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       756202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        113134998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15335                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       105965581                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20373644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41708295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223075285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176609270     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14621400      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15584012      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8999343      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4654183      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1166514      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381739      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32200      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223075285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177215     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73223     23.59%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59954     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83088172     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830851      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7544      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18736605     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3302409      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    105965581                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310392                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435385311                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133524254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103279435                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    106275973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4183946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3229135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5462851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82081                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113150415                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20522799                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3330993                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38307                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2184                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       965554                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1512754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104626091                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18467057                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1339490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21769293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15904872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3302236                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            103303356                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           103279435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        62501178                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       136118401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459168                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82279117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     92634649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20520384                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1418819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219846150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185356375     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13550821      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8702954      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2744792      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4545088      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       889090      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561871      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514756      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2980403      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219846150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     82279117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     92634649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19593216                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16338853                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14212358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        80956142                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1158637                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2980403                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          330020481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         229541717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4230629                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              37697999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          82279117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            92634649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     82279117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.169374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.169374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315520                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315520                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      486338974                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     134570047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     120962419                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20184679                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16515220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8279016                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7936442                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2082398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194260942                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112900165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20184679                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10018840                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23552366                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5381828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     10658839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11884770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971356                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231859459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      208307093     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1091129      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1734778      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2361254      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2430831      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2057895      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1154478      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1715077      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11006924      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231859459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432944                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192261683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     12675750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23508749                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        27054                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3386220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3323321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    138538010                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3386220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      192786394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1749936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      9702200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23017141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1217565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    138491760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       179187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       523387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    193226733                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    644289843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    644289843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    167474372                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25752346                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34209                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3596392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12960202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7024372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82555                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678215                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        138333904                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       131338989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15348355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36777350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231859459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176292074     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22844592      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11566105      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8734588      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6871738      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2783330      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735438      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910559      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121035      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231859459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25203     11.49%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82037     37.41%     48.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112079     51.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110465267     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963195      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11891558      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7002508      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    131338989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.503652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            219319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494774698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153717124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129380133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    131558308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2080652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103233                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1455656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118758                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138368375                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12960202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7024372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1112290                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2254846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129536334                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11190956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18193185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18404718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7002229                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.496739                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            129380368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           129380133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74267370                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       200155218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97626649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    120128039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18240347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33203                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1994507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228473239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179186587     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24434026     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9225319      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4399835      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3710424      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2123792      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861047      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       840740      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2691469      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228473239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     97626649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    120128039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17800685                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10879546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17322537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       108233963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2473657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2691469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          364149480                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         280123052                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2943048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              28913825                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          97626649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           120128039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     97626649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.671128                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.671128                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374374                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374374                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      582984448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     180216075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128422825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17592353                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15874403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6627454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6297591                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968374                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40867                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186587507                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            110542790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17592353                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7265965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21872591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       2905025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     26251028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10703556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    236672941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      214800350     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         780508      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1603472      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         682514      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3632182      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3234952      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         624023      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1306072      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10008868      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    236672941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.423904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      184671680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     28178387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21791727                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        69818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      1961323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1543891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          493                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    129634905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      1961323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      184917795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      26198633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1138314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21644000                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       812870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    129561068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       414483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       268387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9818                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    152070545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    610150486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    610150486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    134867644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       17202889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        15451                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8009                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1879676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     30571950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     15467626                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140665                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       750211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        129311397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       124290038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77861                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10038055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24100159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          499                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236672941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192049435     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13617886      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11024167      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4759649      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5958856      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5641344      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3206977      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256151      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158476      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236672941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312738     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2388988     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69884      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77958721     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085491      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7440      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29816507     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15421879     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    124290038                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2771610                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488102488                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139368140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123224171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    127061648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1192591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          476                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105915                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10959                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      1961323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      25570010                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240384                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129326975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30571950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15467626                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149203                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          106                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536881                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       543250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1080131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123428321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29713801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       861717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           45134194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16170935                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         15420393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473317                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            123227460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           123224171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        66559031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       131360068                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506692                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100107210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    117642369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11698808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14996                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       940405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234711618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191891087     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15754180      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7339195      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7222637      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1996178      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8264882      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627951      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459004      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1156504      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234711618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100107210                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    117642369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             44741063                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            29379352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15535345                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       104612117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1139428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1156504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          362895992                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         260643860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4005748                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              24100343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100107210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           117642369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100107210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.604940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.604940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383886                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383886                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      610163946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     143079198                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     154339442                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260772564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20192412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16520162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1972599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8448285                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7959822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087763                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194609851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112879027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20192412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10047585                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23568604                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5361615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     10408263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11902668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231950739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208382135     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1095457      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1744002      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2367330      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2431996      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2059536      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1159159      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1716131      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10994993      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231950739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077433                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      192608979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     12426517                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23525504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3362967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3325075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    138533966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3362967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      193134844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1745266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      9456362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23032489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1218808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    138485669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       179580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       523697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    193233446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    644234243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    644234243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    167787769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25445537                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18097                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3600569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12970646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7028794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        138329850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       131472325                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15122843                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36075605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1453                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231950739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176300698     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22895518      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11594108      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8734104      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6869970      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2784140      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1740091      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911727      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120383      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231950739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25468     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80329     36.91%     48.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111853     51.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110575650     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960184      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16492      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11913103      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7006896      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    131472325                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.504165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495131037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153487949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129509584                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    131689975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2070735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94692                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3362967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1451480                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118673                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138364709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12970646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7028794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1148839                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2255363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129665512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11210966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1806813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18217590                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18429738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7006624                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.497236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            129509793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           129509584                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74337393                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       200308415                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97809390                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120352860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18011766                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33267                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1997547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228587772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179207418     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24478159     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9247103      4.05%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4405876      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3718203      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131116      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861273      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842155      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2696469      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228587772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97809390                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120352860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17833991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10899898                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17354926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       108436557                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2478287                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2696469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          364255253                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         280092378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2946625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              28821825                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97809390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120352860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97809390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.666130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.666130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.375075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.375075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      583605725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     180403734                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128421666                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260773284                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20196657                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16527229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968677                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8325078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7947491                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2083829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89657                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194291138                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            112956421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20196657                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10031320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23575077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5381574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     10530457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11886780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970480                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231783936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208208859     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1099922      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1745023      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2361326      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2431578      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2057021      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1155528      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1708082      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11016597      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231783936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433159                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      192291304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     12547326                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23531274                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        27136                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3386893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3323045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138600936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3386893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      192821616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1749429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      9573359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23034163                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1218473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138549175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       179330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       523691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    193302817                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    644576060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    644576060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    167538885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25763927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3598578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12966324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7026774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82973                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        138375542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       131369835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15361500                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36815370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231783936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176199733     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22853435      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11571651      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8737136      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6869776      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2783894      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736862      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       909648      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121801      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231783936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25120     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82130     37.41%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112304     51.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110488584     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964171      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16467      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11895462      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7005151      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    131369835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503770                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            219554                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494761040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153771912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129411939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    131589389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2082586                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          531                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102972                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1455547                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138410021                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12966324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7026774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          531                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1111048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2254527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129569726                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11197002                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18201885                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18409553                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7004883                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496867                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            129412158                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           129411939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74294482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       200220603                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.496262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97664183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    120174259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18235775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1993583                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228397043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179091928     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24441885     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9228980      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4402169      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712574      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2125490      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1860283      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841409      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692325      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228397043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     97664183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    120174259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17807538                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10883736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17329189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       108275614                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2474609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2692325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          364114076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         280207023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2942680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              28989348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          97664183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           120174259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     97664183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.670102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.670102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      583149898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     180262068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128485216                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260773282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20214863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16538969                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968151                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8337538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7955853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087857                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89867                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194518714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            113059816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20214863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10043710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23594037                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5374734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10426012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11897199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1969925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231919666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208325629     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1098505      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1744419      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2365185      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2432517      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2060979      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1159628      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1711983      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11020821      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231919666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433556                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      192520617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12441284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23550198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        27032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3380532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3328989                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138718493                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3380532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      193049208                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1752704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      9463730                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23054618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1218871                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138667996                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       179478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       523767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    193473526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    645126477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    645126477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    167775873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25697653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17867                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3599996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12970222                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7035910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        138501459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       131522599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15308432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36689178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1225                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231919666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176230716     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22927220      9.89%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11595755      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8739304      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6870990      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785312      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737849      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911817      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120703      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231919666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25398     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80346     36.89%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112063     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110613754     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966294      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16491      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11912175      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7013885      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    131522599                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504356                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217807                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495200680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153844913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129566602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    131740406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2071103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138536087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12970222                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7035910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143124                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2251331                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129723731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11210872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18224491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18433191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7013619                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497458                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            129566815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           129566602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74372465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200406244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97802387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120344301                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18191805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1993099                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228539134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179133089     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24506427     10.72%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9238150      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4411781      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3734248      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131186      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848696      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843323      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692234      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228539134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97802387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120344301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17832712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10899119                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17353720                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108428834                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2478119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2692234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          364382330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         280452797                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2943496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              28853616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97802387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120344301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97802387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375048                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375048                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      583854756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     180474160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     128608328                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33586                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.930338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.574367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.757424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.952489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1836.474144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.746281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.896716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33541                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33586                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95064336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31946576535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32041640871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56749771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     56749771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95064336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32003326306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32098390642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95064336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32003326306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32098390642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2112540.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 953515.297726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955069.923724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1533777.594595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1533777.594595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2112540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954155.401032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955707.456738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2112540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954155.401032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955707.456738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5285                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5285                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91113336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29004445738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29095559074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53501171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53501171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91113336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29057946909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29149060245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     91113336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29057946909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29149060245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2024740.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 865700.983106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867255.628305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1445977.594595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1445977.594595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2024740.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866341.102203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867893.177068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2024740.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866341.102203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867893.177068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         8453                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.235944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         210146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        10501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        20.011999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.664172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1385.662334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         617.702036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.676593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.301612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 27526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8571                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8571                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  27737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27735                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 27737                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                8452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 8452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                8452                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120525836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6858261348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6978787184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120525836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6858261348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     6978787184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120525836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6858261348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    6978787184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             35978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8571                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8571                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              36189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             36189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3171732.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815101.182315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825696.543303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3171732.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815101.182315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825696.543303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3171732.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815101.182315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825696.543303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            8452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117188830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6119274782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6236463612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117188830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6119274782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6236463612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117188830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6119274782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6236463612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3083916.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 727272.971476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737868.387601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3083916.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 727272.971476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737868.387601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3083916.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 727272.971476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737868.387601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17801                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.840481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         151008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.607839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.248459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.926996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1665.405743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         350.259282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.813186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.171025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6092                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6092                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33887                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33888                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17800                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13951831476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13992996901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13951831476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    13992996901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41165425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13951831476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   13992996901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             51623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6092                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              51688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             51688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785310.788923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786123.421404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785310.788923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786123.421404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1210747.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785310.788923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786123.421404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12391756027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12429936252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12391756027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12429936252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38180225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12391756027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12429936252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697498.369188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698311.025393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697498.369188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698311.025393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1122947.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697498.369188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698311.025393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        33686                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.932096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         198596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        35734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.557620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.626917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.729572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1839.567920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         203.007687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.898227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.099125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 39417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12440                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12440                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  39449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39448                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 39449                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               33651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                33688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33647                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               33688                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73910275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31819584136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31893494411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58179783                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     58179783                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73910275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31877763919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    31951674194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73910275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31877763919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   31951674194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             73068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12440                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12440                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              73137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             73137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.536232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.536232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802689.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946729.667837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947772.559835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1572426.567568                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1572426.567568                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802689.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947417.716854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948458.626039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802689.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947417.716854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948458.626039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5295                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5295                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           33688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          33688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70309717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28868195530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28938505247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     54930352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54930352                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70309717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28923125882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28993435599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70309717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28923125882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28993435599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1714871.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858916.855995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859959.741078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1484604.108108                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1484604.108108                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1714871.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859604.894404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860645.796693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1714871.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859604.894404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860645.796693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        33708                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.930529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         198767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        35756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.558983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.636916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.801762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1837.558959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         204.932891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.897246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.100065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 39485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  39518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39517                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 39518                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               33672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                33708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33667                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               33708                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76613385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31739369992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31815983377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49917351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     49917351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76613385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31789287343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31865900728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76613385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31789287343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31865900728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             73157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              73226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             73226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1868619.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943753.382058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944879.525333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1386593.083333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1386593.083333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1868619.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944226.908932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945351.273526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1868619.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944226.908932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945351.273526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5297                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5297                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           33708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          33708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73013585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28786342460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28859356045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46756460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46756460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73013585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28833098920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28906112505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73013585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28833098920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28906112505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780819.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855946.670037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857072.821484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1298790.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1298790.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780819.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856420.201384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857544.574137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780819.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856420.201384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857544.574137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        17969                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.501878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         224396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        20017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.210271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.171052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.908383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1654.508223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         357.914221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.807865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.174763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               18421                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33875                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33876                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               17951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                17961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               17961                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62643836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15139748343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15202392179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8660935                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8660935                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62643836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15148409278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15211053114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62643836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15148409278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15211053114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             51682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           18421                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              51837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        51800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             51837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1740106.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845087.822663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846882.746309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866093.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866093.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1740106.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845099.541311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846893.442125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1740106.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845099.541311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846893.442125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               9713                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    9713                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           17961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          17961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59483036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13566601574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13626084610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7782935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7782935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59483036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13574384509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13633867545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59483036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13574384509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13633867545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1652306.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 757276.113536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759071.060665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 778293.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778293.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1652306.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 757287.838717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759081.762986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1652306.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 757287.838717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759081.762986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         8451                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.237601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         210102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        10499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        20.011620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.209521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.473701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1385.910711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         617.643668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.676714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.301584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 27500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8553                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8553                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  27711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27709                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 27711                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                8450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 8450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                8450                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108795090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6883230378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6992025468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108795090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6883230378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     6992025468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108795090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6883230378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    6992025468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        35911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             35950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              36161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             36161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2940407.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818165.978605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827458.635266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2940407.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818165.978605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827458.635266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2940407.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818165.978605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827458.635266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            8450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           8450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105545496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6144332754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6249878250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105545496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6144332754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6249878250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105545496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6144332754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6249878250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2852580.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 730337.900155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739630.562130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2852580.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 730337.900155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739630.562130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2852580.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 730337.900155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739630.562130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        28820                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.596157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         156595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        30865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.073546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.626998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.398100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1649.164980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         382.406079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.805256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.186722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 35725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7610                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                7610                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  35818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35817                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 35818                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               28782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                28812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28773                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               28812                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57727370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  26382176698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26439904068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24875094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24875094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57727370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  26407051792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    26464779162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57727370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  26407051792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   26464779162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             64507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            7610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              64630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             64630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1480188.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917864.408656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918626.366062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829169.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829169.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1480188.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917771.931742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918533.220950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1480188.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917771.931742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918533.220950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4324                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4324                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           28812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          28812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54303170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23858318079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23912621249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22240297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22240297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54303170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23880558376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23934861546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54303170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23880558376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23934861546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1392388.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 830056.642626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830818.610555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741343.233333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741343.233333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1392388.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829964.146109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830725.445856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1392388.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829964.146109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830725.445856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        28749                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.596219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         156579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        30797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.084229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.700240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.288024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1650.155489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         381.452466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.805740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.186256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 35722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                7597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  35813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35812                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 35813                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               28712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                28741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28702                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               28741                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62931547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26486661449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26549592996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24655436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24655436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62931547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26511316885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    26574248432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62931547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26511316885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   26574248432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             64434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            7597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              64554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             64554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.444896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.444896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1613629.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923749.222230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924686.298272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850187.448276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850187.448276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1613629.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923674.896697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924611.128075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1613629.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923674.896697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924611.128075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4315                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4315                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           28741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          28741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59507261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23968780733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24028287994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22108252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22108252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59507261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23990888985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24050396246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59507261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23990888985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24050396246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.445274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.444896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.444896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1525827.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835935.574687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836872.666272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762353.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762353.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1525827.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835861.228660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836797.475592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1525827.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835861.228660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836797.475592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        17750                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.838505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         150837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        19798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.618800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.786005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.910864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1665.883460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         349.258177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.813420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.170536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 33639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6105                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6105                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  33704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33703                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 33704                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               17749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                17749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               17749                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81133228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14245804445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14326937673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81133228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14245804445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    14326937673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81133228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14245804445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   14326937673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             51388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6105                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6105                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              51453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             51453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2253700.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 804257.011517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807196.894079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2253700.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 804257.011517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807196.894079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2253700.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 804257.011517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807196.894079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           17749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          17749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77958928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12687892544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12765851472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77958928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12687892544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12765851472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77958928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12687892544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12765851472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2165525.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 716303.988257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719243.420587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2165525.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 716303.988257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719243.420587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2165525.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 716303.988257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719243.420587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17806                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.841580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         151055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.608291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.782441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.799350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1665.430453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         349.829336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.813198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.170815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6136                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6136                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33891                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33892                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17805                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13933728378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14015297286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13933728378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    14015297286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13933728378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   14015297286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             51631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6136                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6136                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              51697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             51697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 784159.399966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787155.141028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 784159.399966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787155.141028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 784159.399966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787155.141028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12373448218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12451856326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12373448218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12451856326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12373448218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12451856326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696350.285216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699346.044707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696350.285216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699346.044707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696350.285216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699346.044707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        11599                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.442646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         187613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        13647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        13.747564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.956913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.181102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1509.412127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         505.892504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.737018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.247018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 28024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  28176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28174                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 28176                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               11595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                11595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11553                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               11595                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90897189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9512573439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9603470628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90897189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9512573439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     9603470628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90897189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9512573439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    9603470628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             39619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              39771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             39771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2164218.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823385.565567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828242.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2164218.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823385.565567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828242.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2164218.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 823385.565567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828242.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           11594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          11594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     87208340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8496680460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583888800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     87208340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8496680460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583888800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     87208340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8496680460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583888800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2076389.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735515.967798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740373.365534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2076389.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735515.967798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740373.365534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2076389.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735515.967798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740373.365534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        33621                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.929921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         198675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        35669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.569963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.642171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.731879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1837.902992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         204.652878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.897414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.099928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        39399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 39400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12534                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               12534                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        39433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  39434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        39433                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 39434                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               33586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                33621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33580                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               33621                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66864982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31897159378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31964024360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     48281766                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     48281766                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66864982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31945441144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    32012306126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66864982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31945441144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   32012306126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             72986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           12534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              73055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             73055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.507246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.507246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1630853.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 950876.714205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951706.793307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1379479.028571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1379479.028571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1630853.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 951323.440858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952152.111062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1630853.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 951323.440858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952152.111062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           33621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          33621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63265182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28951315882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29014581064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45208766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45208766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63265182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28996524648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29059789830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63265182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28996524648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29059789830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.507246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.459918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1543053.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 863059.051483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863889.152147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1291679.028571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1291679.028571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1543053.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 863505.796546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864334.488266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1543053.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 863505.796546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864334.488266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        11627                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.444138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         187674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        13675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.723876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.957297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.101581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1509.913490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         505.471770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.737262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.246812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 28070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  28222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 28222                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               11623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                11623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11581                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               11623                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9369602183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9464362806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9369602183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     9464362806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9369602183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    9464362806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              39845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             39845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809049.493394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814278.826981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809049.493394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814278.826981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809049.493394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814278.826981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           11622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          11622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8352057995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8443131018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8352057995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8443131018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8352057995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8443131018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721248.531520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726478.318534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721248.531520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726478.318534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721248.531520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726478.318534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        11603                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.449776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         187629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        13651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.744707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.964967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.064170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1510.369186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         505.051453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.737485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.246607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 28034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  28185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28183                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 28185                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               11599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                11599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11558                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               11599                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69369994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9500541903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9569911897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69369994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9500541903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     9569911897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69369994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9500541903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    9569911897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        39590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             39633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        39741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              39784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        39741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             39784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1691951.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 821988.397906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825063.531080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1691951.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 821988.397906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825063.531080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1691951.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 821988.397906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825063.531080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           11598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          11598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65770194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8485218599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8550988793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65770194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8485218599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8550988793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65770194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8485218599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8550988793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1604151.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734205.987627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737281.323763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1604151.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734205.987627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737281.323763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1604151.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734205.987627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737281.323763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        11624                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.436185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         187670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        13672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        13.726594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.949403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.102051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1509.861975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         505.522756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.737237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.246837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 28066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28218                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               11620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                11620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11578                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               11620                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79835901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9399704478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9479540379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79835901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9399704478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     9479540379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79835901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9399704478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    9479540379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             39686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900854.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811859.084298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815795.213339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900854.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811859.084298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815795.213339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900854.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811859.084298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815795.213339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           11619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          11619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76147640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8382508769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458656409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76147640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8382508769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458656409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76147640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8382508769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458656409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813039.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724065.713829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728002.100783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813039.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724065.713829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728002.100783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813039.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724065.713829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728002.100783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.967271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010713138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715981.558574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.576647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10705248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10705248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10705248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10705248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10705248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10705248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    144562071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144562071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    144562071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144562071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    144562071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144562071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10705316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10705316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10705316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10705316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10705316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10705316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2125912.808824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2125912.808824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2125912.808824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2125912.808824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2125912.808824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2125912.808824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95503906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95503906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95503906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95503906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     95503906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95503906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2076171.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076171.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2076171.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076171.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2076171.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076171.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72960                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432108865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5901.836552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27994386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43324249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43324249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       267008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       267008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       267008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       267008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132228134918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132228134918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    223693627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    223693627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132451828545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132451828545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132451828545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132451828545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28261106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28261106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43591257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43591257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43591257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43591257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 495756.354672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495756.354672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 776713.982639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 776713.982639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496059.401010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496059.401010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496059.401010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496059.401010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       194048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       194048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34914327990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34914327990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59285481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59285481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34973613471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34973613471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34973613471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34973613471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479000.246810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479000.246810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 846935.442857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846935.442857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479353.254811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479353.254811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479353.254811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479353.254811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              494.474307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              985803140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1991521.494949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.474307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.063260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12219579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12219579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12219579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12219579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12219579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12219579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    175537744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175537744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    175537744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175537744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    175537744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175537744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12219635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12219635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12219635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12219635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12219635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12219635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3134602.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3134602.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2400457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 480091.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120974855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120974855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120974855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120974855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120974855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120974855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3024371.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3024371.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              159763460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4388.503228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.414510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.585490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9744930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9744930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7238237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7238237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16983167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       16983167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16983167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      16983167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        93074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        95223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        95223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20962022763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20962022763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    137828874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137828874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21099851637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21099851637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21099851637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21099851637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9838004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9838004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7240386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7240386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17078390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17078390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17078390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17078390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225218.887799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225218.887799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64136.283853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64136.283853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 221583.563183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221583.563183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 221583.563183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221583.563183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3582.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        57136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        59074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        59074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8718524229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8718524229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15408176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15408176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8733932405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8733932405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8733932405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8733932405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 242599.038038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242599.038038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73024.530806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73024.530806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 241609.239675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241609.239675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 241609.239675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241609.239675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.490809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              899276885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1600136.806050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.458925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.031884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11461038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11461038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11461038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11461038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11461038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11461038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48784578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48784578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11461084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11461084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11461084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11461084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11461084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11461084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1060534.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41551424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41551424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187183.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                51653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              217519206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                51909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4190.394845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   200.290956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    55.709044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.782387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.217613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16855638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16855638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3237162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20092800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20092800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20092800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20092800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80867675626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80867675626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24742497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24742497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80892418123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80892418123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80892418123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80892418123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17038018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17038018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3237451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20275469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20275469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20275469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20275469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443402.103443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443402.103443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85614.176471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85614.176471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442836.048388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442836.048388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442836.048388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442836.048388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16316887003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16316887003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4212386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4212386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16321099389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16321099389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16321099389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16321099389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316292.296716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316292.296716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64805.938462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64805.938462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 315975.826941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315975.826941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 315975.826941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315975.826941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              580.279291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1010722238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1727730.321368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.205505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.073786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10714348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10714348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10714348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10714348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10714348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10714348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96941478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96941478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96941478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96941478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96941478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96941478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10714409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10714409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10714409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10714409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10714409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10714409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1589204.557377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1589204.557377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1589204.557377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1589204.557377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1589204.557377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1589204.557377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74331108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74331108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74331108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74331108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74331108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74331108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769788.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769788.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769788.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769788.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769788.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769788.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                73093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              432197193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                73349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5892.339268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.883012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.116988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28053343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28053343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15359234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15359234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43412577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       43412577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43412577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      43412577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       267819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       268097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       268097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132119858501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132119858501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    218020923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    218020923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132337879424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132337879424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132337879424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132337879424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     28321162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28321162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15359512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15359512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43680674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43680674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43680674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43680674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493317.720180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493317.720180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 784247.924460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784247.924460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493619.396800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493619.396800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493619.396800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493619.396800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       194793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34790006439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34790006439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60617238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60617238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34850623677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34850623677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34850623677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34850623677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476405.751910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476405.751910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 878510.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878510.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476785.329735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476785.329735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476785.329735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476785.329735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              580.148927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1010732805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1727748.384615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.031730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.117198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10724915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10724915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10724915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10724915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10724915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10724915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111357046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111357046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111357046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111357046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    111357046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111357046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10724973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10724973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10724973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10724973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10724973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10724973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1919949.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1919949.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1919949.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1919949.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1919949.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1919949.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77027180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77027180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77027180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77027180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77027180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77027180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1833980.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833980.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1833980.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833980.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1833980.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833980.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                73184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              432236949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                73440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5885.579371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.884305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.115695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     28075859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28075859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15376429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15376429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43452288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       43452288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43452288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      43452288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       268343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       268606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       268606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       268606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       268606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131600833167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131600833167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    189608472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    189608472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131790441639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131790441639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131790441639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131790441639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     28344202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28344202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15376692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15376692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7503                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43720894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43720894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43720894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43720894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490420.220267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490420.220267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720944.760456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 720944.760456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490645.933594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490645.933594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490645.933594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490645.933594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       195228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       195422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       195422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        73115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        73184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        73184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34714615799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34714615799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52493772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52493772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34767109571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34767109571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34767109571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34767109571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474794.717896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474794.717896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 760779.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760779.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475064.352468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475064.352468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475064.352468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475064.352468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.161861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982957400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1893944.894027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.161861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11278059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11278059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11278059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11278059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11278059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11278059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93051623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93051623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93051623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93051623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93051623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93051623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11278111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11278111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11278111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11278111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11278111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11278111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1789454.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1789454.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1789454.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63042480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63042480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63042480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63042480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63042480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63042480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703850.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703850.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703850.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                51800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167114024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                52056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3210.274013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.043931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.956069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7957397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7957397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6728747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6728747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14686144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14686144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14686144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14686144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       176865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       182396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       182396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74050134485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74050134485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3442135514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3442135514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77492269999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77492269999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77492269999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77492269999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8134262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8134262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6734278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6734278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14868540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14868540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14868540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14868540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 418681.675204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418681.675204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 622335.113723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622335.113723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 424857.288532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424857.288532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 424857.288532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424857.288532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     41114031                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 467204.897727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       125220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        51800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17506495879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17506495879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18165257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18165257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17524661136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17524661136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17524661136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17524661136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338977.555988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338977.555988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117195.206452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117195.206452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338313.921544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338313.921544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338313.921544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338313.921544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              493.626297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              985801387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1995549.366397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.626297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12217826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12217826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12217826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12217826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12217826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12217826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164438234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164438234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164438234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164438234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164438234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164438234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12217880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12217880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12217880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12217880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12217880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12217880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3045152.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3045152.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3045152.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1775822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 355164.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109272945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109272945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109272945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109272945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109272945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109272945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801870.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2801870.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2801870.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                36122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              159764344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                36378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4391.784705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.417202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.582798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9745441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9745441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7238611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7238611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16984052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       16984052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16984052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      16984052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        93084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        95233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        95233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  20985641841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20985641841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    137663004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137663004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21123304845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21123304845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21123304845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21123304845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9838525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9838525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7240760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7240760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17079285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17079285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17079285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17079285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225448.431965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225448.431965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64059.099116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64059.099116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221806.567524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221806.567524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221806.567524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221806.567524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17679.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        57173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        59111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        59111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59111                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        35911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8741756925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8741756925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15412789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15412789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8757169714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8757169714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8757169714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8757169714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243428.390326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243428.390326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73046.393365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73046.393365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242433.135319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242433.135319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242433.135319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242433.135319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.348489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              987062170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1862381.452830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.348489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10958655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10958655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10958655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10958655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10958655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10958655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86281460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86281460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86281460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86281460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86281460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86281460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10958716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10958716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10958716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10958716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10958716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10958716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1414450.163934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1414450.163934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1414450.163934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1414450.163934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1414450.163934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1414450.163934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58132185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58132185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58132185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58132185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58132185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58132185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1453304.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453304.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1453304.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453304.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1453304.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453304.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                64590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              175223490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                64846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2702.148012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.289821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.710179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.915195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.084805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7592257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7592257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6286832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6286832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13879089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13879089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13879089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13879089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       168820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       169713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       169713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       169713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       169713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  73650835860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73650835860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    319247092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319247092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  73970082952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73970082952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  73970082952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73970082952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7761077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7761077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6287725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6287725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        14669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14048802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14048802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14048802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14048802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436268.427082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436268.427082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 357499.543113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 357499.543113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435853.959049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435853.959049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435853.959049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435853.959049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       869875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 289958.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       104353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       104353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       105123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       105123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       105123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       105123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        64467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        64590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        64590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28967026068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28967026068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31126601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31126601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28998152669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28998152669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28998152669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28998152669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449331.069664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449331.069664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 253061.796748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253061.796748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 448957.310249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448957.310249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 448957.310249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448957.310249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.917532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              987050425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1862359.292453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.917532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10946910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10946910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10946910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10946910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10946910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10946910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93096456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93096456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93096456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93096456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93096456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93096456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10946970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10946970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10946970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10946970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10946970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10946970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551607.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1551607.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551607.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1551607.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551607.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1551607.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63328917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63328917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63328917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63328917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63328917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63328917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1583222.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583222.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1583222.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583222.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1583222.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1583222.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                64514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              175211250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                64770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2705.129690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.290764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.709236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.915198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.084802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7583858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7583858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6282998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6282998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13866856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       13866856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13866856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      13866856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       167940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       168765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       168765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       168765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       168765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  73516213204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73516213204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    319975640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319975640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  73836188844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73836188844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  73836188844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73836188844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7751798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7751798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6283823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6283823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14035621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14035621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14035621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14035621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437752.847469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437752.847469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 387849.260606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 387849.260606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437508.896063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437508.896063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437508.896063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437508.896063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       178449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       178449                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       104251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       104251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        64394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        64514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        64514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29070750382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29070750382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30766716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30766716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29101517098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29101517098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29101517098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29101517098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 451451.228096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451451.228096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 256389.300000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256389.300000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 451088.400936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451088.400936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 451088.400936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451088.400936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              560.856317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              899241628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1594400.049645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.704634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.151683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11425781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11425781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11425781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11425781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11425781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11425781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111941964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111941964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111941964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111941964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111941964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111941964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11425830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11425830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11425830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11425830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11425830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11425830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2284529.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2284529.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81512151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81512151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81512151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81512151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81512151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81512151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2203031.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203031.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                51416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              217455942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                51672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4208.390269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   200.334909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    55.665091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.782558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.217442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16802356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16802356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3227229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3227229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7634                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7634                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20029585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       20029585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20029585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      20029585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       182049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       182049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  82490821267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82490821267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24766428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24766428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  82515587695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82515587695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  82515587695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82515587695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16984116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16984116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3227518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3227518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7634                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7634                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20211634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20211634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20211634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20211634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453844.747288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453844.747288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85696.982699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85696.982699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453260.318348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453260.318348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453260.318348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453260.318348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16598051158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16598051158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4195719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4195719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16602246877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16602246877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16602246877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16602246877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 323227.418317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323227.418317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64549.523077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64549.523077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 322900.398261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322900.398261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 322900.398261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322900.398261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              560.809050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              899279545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1594467.278369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.701120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.107929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11463698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11463698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11463698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11463698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11463698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11463698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11463746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11463746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11463746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11463746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11463746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11463746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                51660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              217528169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                51916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4190.002485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.289218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.710782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.782380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.217620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16863045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16863045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3238709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3238709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20101754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20101754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20101754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20101754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       182858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       182858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80711265594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80711265594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25573119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25573119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80736838713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80736838713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80736838713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80736838713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17045606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17045606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3239006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3239006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20284612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20284612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20284612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20284612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442105.737775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442105.737775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86104.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86104.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441527.517051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441527.517051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441527.517051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441527.517051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16298711675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16298711675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4283673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4283673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16302995348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16302995348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16302995348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16302995348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315903.238264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315903.238264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64904.136364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64904.136364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315582.565776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315582.565776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315582.565776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315582.565776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.095073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              982335079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1892745.816956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    43.095073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.069063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11884717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11884717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11884717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11884717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11884717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11884717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98395858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98395858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98395858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98395858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98395858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98395858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11884769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11884769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11884769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11884769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11884769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11884769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1892228.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1892228.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1892228.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1892228.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1892228.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1892228.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       305907                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91387528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91387528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91387528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91387528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91387528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91387528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2076989.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076989.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2076989.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076989.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2076989.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076989.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                39727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              161716327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4044.627142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.853042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.146958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.913488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.086512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8182378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8182378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6888421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15070799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15070799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15070799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15070799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       127974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       127974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42626978742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42626978742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     75696050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75696050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42702674792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42702674792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42702674792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42702674792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8309452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8309452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6889321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6889321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15198773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15198773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15198773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15198773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 335450.042825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335450.042825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84106.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84106.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 333682.426055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333682.426055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 333682.426055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333682.426055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        87499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11434372326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11434372326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9792344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9792344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11444164670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11444164670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11444164670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11444164670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288929.180695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288929.180695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64423.315789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64423.315789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288070.195837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288070.195837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 288070.195837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288070.195837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.929652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1010711382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1727711.764103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.812543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.117110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10703492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10703492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10703492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10703492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10703492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10703492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93235350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93235350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93235350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93235350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93235350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93235350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10703556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10703556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10703556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10703556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10703556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10703556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1456802.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1456802.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1456802.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1456802.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1456802.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1456802.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67271153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67271153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67271153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67271153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67271153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67271153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1601694.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601694.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1601694.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601694.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1601694.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601694.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                73013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              432160500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                73269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5898.272121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.882543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.117457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     28029638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28029638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15346232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15346232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     43375870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       43375870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     43375870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      43375870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       267897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       268179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       268179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       268179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       268179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132393397756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132393397756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    183846798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    183846798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132577244554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132577244554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132577244554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132577244554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     28297535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28297535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15346514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15346514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     43644049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43644049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     43644049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43644049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494195.148718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494195.148718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       651939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       651939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494361.022131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494361.022131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494361.022131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494361.022131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254759                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           12534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       194953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       195166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       195166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        73013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        73013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34866163865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34866163865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50858920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50858920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34917022785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34917022785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34917022785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34917022785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 477985.356781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477985.356781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737085.797101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737085.797101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478230.216331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478230.216331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478230.216331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478230.216331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.116780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982352978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1892780.304432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.116780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11902616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11902616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11902616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11902616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11902616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11902616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11902667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11902667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11902667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11902667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11902667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11902667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                39800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              161743835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                40056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4037.942755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.859940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.140060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8196618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8196618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6901312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6901312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15097930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15097930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15097930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15097930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       127332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       128232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       128232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42302373520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42302373520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76175056                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76175056                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42378548576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42378548576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42378548576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42378548576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8323950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8323950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6902212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6902212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15226162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15226162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15226162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15226162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332221.071844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332221.071844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84638.951111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84638.951111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330483.409570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330483.409570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330483.409570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330483.409570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        87683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11294215997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11294215997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9809849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9809849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11304025846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11304025846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11304025846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11304025846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284855.002573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284855.002573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64538.480263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64538.480263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284013.613879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284013.613879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284013.613879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284013.613879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.098301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              982337091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1896403.650579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.098301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11886729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11886729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11886729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11886729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11886729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11886729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78791527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78791527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78791527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78791527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     78791527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78791527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11886780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11886780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11886780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11886780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11886780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11886780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544931.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1544931.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544931.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1544931.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1544931.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1544931.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69852267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69852267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69852267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69852267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69852267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69852267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1624471.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624471.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1624471.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624471.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1624471.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624471.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                39741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              161722982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                39997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4043.377803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.860006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.139994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8186372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8186372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6891080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6891080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15077452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15077452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15077452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15077452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       127129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       128021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       128021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       128021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       128021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42795624541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42795624541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     75200393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75200393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42870824934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42870824934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42870824934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42870824934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8313501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8313501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6891972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6891972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15205473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15205473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15205473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15205473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336631.488811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336631.488811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84305.373318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84305.373318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334873.379633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334873.379633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334873.379633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334873.379633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        39590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        39741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        39741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11423080724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11423080724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9725805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9725805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11432806529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11432806529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11432806529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11432806529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 288534.496691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288534.496691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64409.304636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.304636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 287682.910068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287682.910068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 287682.910068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287682.910068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.116314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982347510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1892769.768786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.116314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11897148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11897148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11897148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11897148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11897148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11897148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91528218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91528218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91528218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91528218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91528218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91528218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11897199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11897199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11897199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11897199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11897199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11897199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794670.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1794670.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80326052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80326052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80326052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825592.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825592.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              161743149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                40052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4038.328897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.856545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.143455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8196672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8196672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6900801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6900801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15097473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15097473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15097473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15097473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       128108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       128108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42633932715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42633932715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77542917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77542917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42711475632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42711475632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42711475632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42711475632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8323864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8323864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6901717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6901717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15225581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15225581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15225581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15225581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335193.508357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335193.508357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84653.839520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84653.839520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333402.095357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333402.095357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333402.095357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333402.095357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11324372098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11324372098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9952832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9952832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11334324930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11334324930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11334324930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11334324930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285666.013269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285666.013269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64628.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64628.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 284810.657604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284810.657604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 284810.657604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284810.657604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
