
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1031376108                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759727363                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 307093                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394191                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38761.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11903231105                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279245692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        17792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        72832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        71808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        70656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               518016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       254464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            254464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3350863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13527558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22835511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3350863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17126633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1861591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20849814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3350863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17250739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1861591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21098026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1613378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     70616334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1613378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     69623486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1613378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     44678173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3350863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13031134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3350863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17623057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1861591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20353390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1613378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     68506532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3226757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13155240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1861591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19608754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3226757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13651664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               502257126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3350863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3350863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1861591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3350863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1861591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1613378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1613378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1613378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3350863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3350863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1861591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1613378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3226757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1861591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3226757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38721083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         246722799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              246722799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         246722799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3350863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13527558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1613378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22835511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3350863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17126633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1861591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20849814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3350863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17250739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1861591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21098026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1613378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     70616334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1613378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     69623486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1613378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     44678173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3350863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13031134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3350863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17623057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1861591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20353390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1613378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     68506532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3226757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13155240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1861591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19608754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3226757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13651664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              748979925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187112                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21818                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84730                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        60968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2043735     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15545      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19608      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31369      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12654      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16772      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19491      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9205      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131494      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2299873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1931683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        73766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39443                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34110                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1506142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39443                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1934108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5634                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        62289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1496096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2090046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6952805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6952805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         371194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141557                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          798                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459005                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389108                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195577                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712880     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266241     11.58%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110236      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61525      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82832      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26118      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25515      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13396      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1130      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9748     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.91%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170130     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18831      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127902      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72075      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389108                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5092273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1551                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39443                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459364                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141557                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12734                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192381                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72041                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1351113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1351079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2174615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21791                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738513     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264866     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95891      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47717      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43716      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18441      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18168      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8715      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24403      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24403                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                173452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.473313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.473313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6133821                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889840                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1391422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         192656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1971947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1092056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            192656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       127551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              240877                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         57049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        27820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          121353                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17101                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2280030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2039153     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          33974      1.49%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20063      0.88%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33235      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12331      0.54%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          30427      1.33%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5428      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9972      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          95447      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2280030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.441534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1956527                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        43928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          240251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39026                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        20374                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1237108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39026                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1958604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         23225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        14805                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1234646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1637178                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5619792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5619792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1291479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         345673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           16342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       207792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        39030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135545                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2280030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786454     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161764      7.09%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154905      6.79%     92.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92758      4.07%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53010      2.32%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14221      0.62%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16191      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          317      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2280030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2272     59.65%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          841     22.08%     81.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900250     79.28%     79.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9706      0.85%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       186934     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38567      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135545                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459117                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3809                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4556102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1139354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1288                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39026                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17273                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8286                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1117778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183390                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             221948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         167666                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            38558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1103634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1103196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          664596                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1511556                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.446038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.439677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       979456                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        17297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2241004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1869189     83.41%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150747      6.73%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91654      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30240      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47119      2.10%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10290      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6706      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5953      0.27%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29106      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2241004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       858802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       979456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               198255                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              160513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           149002                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          859826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        29106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3437665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2490604                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 44775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                193295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            858802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              979456                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       858802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.879971                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.879971                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.347226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.347226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5168179                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1454381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1284977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         203425                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166375                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81732                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77498                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952909                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1137891                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            203425                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              235829                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        46959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          121105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2037880     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10936      0.48%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16789      0.74%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22851      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          24192      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20711      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10876      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17495      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         111979      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2273709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082248                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1933109                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        67194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          235229                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37778                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1393770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37778                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1938783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         14648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        40037                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          229973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1392644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1945311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6472480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6472480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1655638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         289673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           39312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       130792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        33310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1390029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310911                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170068                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411824                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706614     75.06%     75.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242845     10.68%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120849      5.32%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82438      3.63%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65510      2.88%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27282      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17866      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9032      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1273      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     12.94%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          870     36.91%     49.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1182     50.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1103444     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19452      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118448      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69405      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310911                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4898141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560448                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289159                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37778                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         11732                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1390371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1028                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             180894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         183228                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69391                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522055                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1289228                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1289159                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          741199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1996052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521225                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       964929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2235931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737621     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252626     11.30%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90080      4.03%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43031      1.92%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43368      1.94%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21539      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14339      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8380      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24947      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2235931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       964929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1187316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               175972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              107571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           171188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1069773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24447                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3601346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2818534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                199616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            964929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1187316                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       964929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.563220                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.563220                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5807813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1798185                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1291944                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         200543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82882                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20348                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          951                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921619                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1146288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            200543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        96902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              250800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        59817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          120002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2021159     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          26460      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          31001      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          17128      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19408      0.85%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11102      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7481      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          19843      0.87%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         118377      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2271959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.463460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1905984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        76016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          248695                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39378                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32523                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1399398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1880                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39378                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1909257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        53516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          247340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1397756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1945298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6507265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6507265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1630041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         315247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       134136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        71724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1619                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1866                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192173                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       448563                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721982     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220495      9.71%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118744      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82306      3.62%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72171      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37041      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8934      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5900      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4386      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1370     45.15%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1318     43.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096178     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120837      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71168      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3034                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002318                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4894423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39378                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          9834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          697                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12503                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24192                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1288007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             184224                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         179256                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71148                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.520759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1285273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1285204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          765482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2006309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.519626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       956943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21415                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753115     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222479      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93214      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55694      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38657      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24995      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13299      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10379      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20749      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       956943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1174031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               177670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              107884                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           167959                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1058514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20749                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3606456                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2828635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31409                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                201366                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            956943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1174031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       956943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.584611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.584611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.386905                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.386905                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5808737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1787108                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1303550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         203790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1138436                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            203790                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        98530                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              236371                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        46853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          121113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2039319     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11029      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17029      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23071      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          24146      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          20713      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          10957      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17304      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         112122      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2275690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1935327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        66767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          235796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37452                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1395022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37452                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1940916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14425                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        40122                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          230576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1393867                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1947676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6478710                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6478710                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1660624                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         287029                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           38311                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       131250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        69852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        33393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313667                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          269                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168212                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707460     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243243     10.69%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121308      5.33%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82461      3.62%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65537      2.88%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27522      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17730      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9145      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1284      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          831     35.96%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1192     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105320     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19421      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119224      9.08%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69539      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313667                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001759                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4905603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1559817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291567                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315978                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1232                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37452                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391594                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24407                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             181406                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         183544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            69519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1291645                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1291567                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          742786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1999479                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522199                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371490                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190923                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738367     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253256     11.31%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90499      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43278      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43539      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21568      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14329      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8351      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25051      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       967839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1190923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               176522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              107902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           171728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1073000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        24519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        25051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3604761                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2820649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 31335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                197635                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            967839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1190923                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       967839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.555513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.555513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391311                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391311                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5819615                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1802239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1292938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         200383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1145951                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            200383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              250626                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        58151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2019947     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          26385      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          30896      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17140      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          19506      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11056      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7569      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19915      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         118159      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2270573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081018                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.463324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1906566                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        74337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          248567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32532                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1398643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1909813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        51803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          247207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1397085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1943945                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6504131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6504131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1630440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         313505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       133805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        71799                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1674                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1393808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1309354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1720368     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220832      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118617      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82047      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72353      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37120      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8872      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6009      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4355      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     45.16%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     43.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096700     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20432      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120790      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71273      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1309354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529390                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002310                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4894153                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1585644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25891                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          9896                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71799                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11746                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1288600                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113079                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             184331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.520999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1285880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1285806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          765644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2007197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.519869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219848                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21407                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2231323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1751824     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222475      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93192      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55623      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38712      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25099      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13287      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10356      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20755      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2231323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       957174                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1174325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               177717                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168001                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1058781                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23897                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3604741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2827600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                202752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            957174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1174325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       957174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.583987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.583987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.386999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.386999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5811558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1787678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1303325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         193553                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158045                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1142734                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            193553                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        92787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              234428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        61333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          116630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20382                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2206267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1971839     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12410      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19709      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          29527      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12278      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14340      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15468      0.70%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10719      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119977      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2206267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.462023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1844029                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        85447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          232648                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        42722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1384964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        42722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1848954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         40263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        30529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          229280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        14516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1381582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          972                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1891034                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6438059                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6438059                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1555144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         335845                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           42791                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       139830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        77067                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1376568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       214666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2206267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1660369     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221028     10.02%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122323      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80824      3.66%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73277      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22613      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16438      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5620      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3775      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2206267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           362     11.39%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1323     41.62%     53.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     47.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056133     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23656      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126941      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75616      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.518527                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002479                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4776462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1591599                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258861                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29706                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4979                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1005                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        42722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         29672                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1674                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77067                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11028                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             195651                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         171473                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            75497                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.510930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1258995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1258861                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          745175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1890398                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.508975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20711                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1703266     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219161     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90959      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46551      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34695      1.60%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19837      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12335      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10319      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26422      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       931778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1136316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               182212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              110124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           157787                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1027361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26422                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3514972                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2798456                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 33266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                267058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            931778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1136316                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       931778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.654414                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.654414                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.376731                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.376731                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5734994                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1720699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1312026                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         193213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73340                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1143407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            193213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        92591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              234454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        59327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          116905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20473                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2207016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1972562     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          12356      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19417      0.88%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          29353      1.33%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12571      0.57%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          14625      0.66%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          15290      0.69%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10747      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         120095      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2207016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.078119                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462295                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1847335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        82931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          232757                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        42649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1386539                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        42649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1851826                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         38833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        30105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          229685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1383248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1168                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1892586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6448965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6448965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1558631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         333953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           40672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       139936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1378419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1286300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       214012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       490347                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2207016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1659993     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221505     10.04%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122127      5.53%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80695      3.66%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73984      3.35%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22984      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16200      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5824      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3704      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2207016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           359     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1301     41.35%     52.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1486     47.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1059381     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23686      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127335      9.90%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75756      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1286300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.520069                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3146                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002446                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4784627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1592793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1262658                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1289446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5079                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1033                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        42649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         28488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1378718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          889                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        23692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1267393                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             196030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75610                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.512425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1262754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1262658                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          747639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1898217                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.510510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.393864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1138692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2164367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1703060     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219738     10.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90960      4.20%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46834      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34876      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19780      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12305      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10214      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26600      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2164367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       933796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1138692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              110306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           158095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1029505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26600                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3517637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2802398                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                266309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            933796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1138692                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       933796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.648678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.648678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.377547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.377547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5752811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1725920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1313104                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173101                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12047                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66690                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1207599                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        77167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         37977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        50899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          118054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2338530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2100490     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8344      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17354      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7005      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          38884      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          34941      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6581      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14275      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110656      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2338530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2011901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        63352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25459                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          203                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1415814                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1246                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25459                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2014563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         42079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        14178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          235271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1413921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           23                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1669589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6654515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6654515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1441702                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         227806                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           19536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       329939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       165589                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1556                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408963                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342855                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2338530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1860896     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143445      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117204      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50832      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64418      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61908      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35194      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2934      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1699      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2338530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3399     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26196     86.17%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          804      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846863     63.06%     63.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11721      0.87%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319271     23.78%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164920     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342855                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.542935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5055590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1373254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2356                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1668                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25459                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         38525                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165589                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1167                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        13828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             482882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           164885                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.538451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1329054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1328942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          719381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1423733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.537310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1069364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        12074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2313071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856491     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167144      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78214      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77119      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20819      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89520      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7029      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4893      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11842      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2313071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1069364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1256966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               477170                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              313256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           165933                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1117933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12240                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        11842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3710416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2843915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45899                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                134795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1069364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1256966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1069364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.312893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.312893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.432359                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.432359                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6574073                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1549621                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1675599                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         224857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84809                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79968                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1233292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            224857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       103716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              256317                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         61453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          121981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20656                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2043926     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15544      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19756      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31373      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12682      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16768      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19571      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9085      0.39%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         131538      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2300243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090913                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.498637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1932029                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        73802                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          255008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34100                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1506347                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1934479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5473                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        62459                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          252654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1496107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2090741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6952837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6952837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1720547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         370157                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       141527                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72498                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459532                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389839                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195111                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       413834                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712855     74.46%     74.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266394     11.58%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110436      4.80%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61495      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82937      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26147      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25369      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13489      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1121      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9734     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1349     10.93%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170726     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18865      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127985      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72093      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389839                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.561931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5094076                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1402178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          977                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1534                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459891                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141527                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72498                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12120                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125371                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             197424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         192620                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            72053                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.551706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1351880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1351845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          810018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2175360                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372360                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738363     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265290     11.73%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95998      4.25%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47864      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43656      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18438      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18245      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8702      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24403      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1000977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1233300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           178822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1110269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25443                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24403                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3696425                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2959075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                173082                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1000977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1233300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1000977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.470911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.470911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.404709                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.404709                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6136589                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1891173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1391875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         203383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166323                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21597                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77959                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954323                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1137164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            203383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        98572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              236153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        47386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121098                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2039312     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10981      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16995      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          22890      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          24175      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20706      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11222      0.49%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17428      0.77%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         111756      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2275465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1934520                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        67635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          235562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37372                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33358                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1394058                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37372                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1940276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         14484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        40508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          230214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1392891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1944529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6475081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6475081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1658088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         286441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           39246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       131389                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69783                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        33257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1390348                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312384                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       169304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707885     75.06%     75.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243244     10.69%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120894      5.31%     91.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81864      3.60%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65879      2.90%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27612      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17633      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9246      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           277     11.81%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          876     37.36%     49.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1192     50.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104548     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19389      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118808      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69476      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312384                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530615                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4902845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1247                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37372                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         11601                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1390691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131389                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69783                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11687                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24377                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292743                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111745                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             181206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         183233                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            69461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1290760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1290689                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          741922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1999887                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370982                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       966392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1189159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201542                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21646                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739142     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252912     11.30%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90167      4.03%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43083      1.92%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43638      1.95%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21422      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14260      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8310      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25159      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       966392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1189159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               176293                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              107757                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           171468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1071423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24485                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3603622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2818782                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                197860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            966392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1189159                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       966392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.559339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.559339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390726                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390726                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5815955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1799804                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1291485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         200504                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164236                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20381                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1146611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            200504                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        97024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              250774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         61410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        59435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21241                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2022425     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          26404      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          30917      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17148      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          19518      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11062      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7574      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19928      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118223      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2273199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081067                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.463591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1907763                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        75593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          248716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39274                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32550                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1399447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39274                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1911006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         13983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        53031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          247358                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1397891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1945112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6507866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6507866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1631418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         313694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           24797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       133865                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        71833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1845                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722677     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220947      9.72%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118701      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82098      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72390      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37145      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8874      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6011      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4356      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     45.12%     56.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1318     43.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097350     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20444      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120837      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71307      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.529691                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4898263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586554                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25900                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39274                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          9947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133865                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24241                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             184413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         179360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1286607                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1286533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          766073                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2008353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381443                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754110     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222619      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93274      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55659      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38741      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25111      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13298      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10355      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20758      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       957730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1175000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               177802                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              107965                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1059382                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23909                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20758                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3608145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2829234                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                200126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            957730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1175000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       957730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.582487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.582487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.387224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.387224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5814782                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1788743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1304045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         192518                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157029                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20431                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          912                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1140266                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            192518                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        92508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              234027                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         63708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        61905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          116817                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2208662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1974635     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          12314      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19613      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          29629      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12384      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          14305      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          15190      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10797      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         119795      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2208662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077838                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1847032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        85738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          232311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        42232                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31211                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1382562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        42232                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1851655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         42758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        29083                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          229154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1379358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          976                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1887993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6430526                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6430526                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1556685                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         331287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           41110                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       139554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        77144                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1374329                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282529                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210212                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       487503                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2208662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1662449     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221334     10.02%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122220      5.53%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80913      3.66%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73417      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22683      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16273      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5689      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3684      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2208662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           358     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1302     41.40%     52.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1485     47.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056155     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23672      1.85%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126902      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75658      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282529                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.518544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3145                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4778843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1584899                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259112                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6058                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1029                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        42232                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         32043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1577                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1374626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77144                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          893                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        23655                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             195738                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         171293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.511010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1259205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1259112                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          745446                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1891170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.509077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238494                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2166430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1705644     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219316     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90948      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46910      2.17%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34838      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19779      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12265      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10327      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26403      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2166430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       932658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1137292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               182303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              110165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           157890                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1028257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        22180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26403                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3515813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2793835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                264663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            932658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1137292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       932658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.651910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.651910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.377087                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.377087                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5736458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1721367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1309658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         224640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186986                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84785                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1231629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            224640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103743                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              255997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         61566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        60252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2043798     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          15475      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19792      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31371      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12658      0.55%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          16714      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          19534      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9118      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         131335      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2299795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497965                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1932635                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        73002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          254730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1504654                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1271                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1935034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          5422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        61877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          252423                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5724                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1494636                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2088216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6946061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6946061                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1719153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         369052                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20889                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       141374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        72404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457704                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1794                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412449                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712759     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266603     11.59%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110044      4.78%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61663      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82687      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26112      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25416      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13397      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1114      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9730     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1344     10.90%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1253     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169487     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18813      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127705      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72000      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388175                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.561259                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5090266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350407                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4098                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458063                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12210                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125235                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             197200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192449                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            71965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.551129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1350440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1350407                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          808657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2172642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545988                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738364     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264992     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95969      4.25%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47655      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43793      1.94%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18453      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18171      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8731      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24357      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1000183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1232331                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               182648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              111732                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           178686                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1109395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24357                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3694184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2955453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 30882                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                173530                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1000183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1232331                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1000183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.472872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.472872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.404388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.404388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6130222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1889053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1389997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         200635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82664                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1147337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            200635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        97077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              250928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        57613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120154                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2021738     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          26424      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          30934      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17156      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          19526      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11072      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7576      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          19940      0.88%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         118300      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2272666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.463884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1908865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        73777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          248868                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        32570                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1400319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1912111                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13863                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        51327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          247511                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1398769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1946364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6511916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6511916                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1632468                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         313896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           24814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       133939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1673                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1395510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310941                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191713                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721788     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221088      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118792      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82136      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72434      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37175      1.64%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8880      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6014      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4359      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     45.02%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1321     43.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098090     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20457      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120898      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71337      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310941                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530032                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4899419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          9828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1395872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12492                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             184504                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         179477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.521633                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1287443                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1287369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          766581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2009696                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381441                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753251     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222760      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93334      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55694      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38760      1.74%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25129      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13305      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10363      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20769      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       958327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1175718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               177886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              108019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168216                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1060013                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23921                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3608471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2831055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                200659                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            958327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1175718                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       958327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.580878                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.580878                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5818531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1789950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1304842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2473325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         224480                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186846                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21818                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84727                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1230872                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            224480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       103669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              255831                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         61525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122009                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2044079     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15466      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19772      0.86%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31352      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12648      0.55%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          16704      0.73%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          19519      0.85%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9117      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         131253      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2299910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090760                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1931461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          254562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          113                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1503692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1933861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        63338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          252253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1493675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2086875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6941578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6941578                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1718115                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         368739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           20900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       141277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        72378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1794                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194035                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412115                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713217     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266449     11.59%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109981      4.78%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61645      2.68%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82623      3.59%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26095      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25396      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13389      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1115      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9722     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1344     10.91%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1253     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168764     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18805      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127617      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71976      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387332                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.560918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5088686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1651226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349600                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24851                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             197086                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         192327                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            71936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.550797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1349633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1349600                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          808161                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2171252                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738811     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264840     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95905      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47633      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43769      1.94%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18447      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18164      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8725      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24334      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       999595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1231591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               182532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              111654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           178571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1108740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3693446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2953629                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30865                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                173415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            999595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1231591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       999595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.474327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.474327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.404150                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.404150                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6126542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1887896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1389163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4049                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.182372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           937215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.469183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1551.808419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.273056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    54.981017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.305488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   103.428562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.406411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    70.019621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.616614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    84.538821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.366293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    69.890969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.615557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    82.528981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.514282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   244.943855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.532222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   247.591251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.477313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   180.323073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.280085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    51.564955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.417836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    72.731158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.615055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    81.045013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.532633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   241.759496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.869506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    53.392199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.614675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    79.548068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.871235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    53.299492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1167.201238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2031.383660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1437.133455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1786.277658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1429.122504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1822.916434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2816.131861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2846.490267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2318.141124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1186.658311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1444.796037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1789.920101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2898.476602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1179.708655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1833.918627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1163.202628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.047357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.007556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.005503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.007378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.035620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.061993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.043858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.054513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.043613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.055631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.085942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.086868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.070744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.044092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.054624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.088454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.036002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.055967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.035498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2852                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2852                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4515994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16101778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2064080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27700134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4262448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21342805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2262128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25537378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4318416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21129526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2119750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25570177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1942710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     77154764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1956959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     77077534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1999019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54895021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4720419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16123117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4331229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21323038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2171394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24472001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1829909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     76333716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4189690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15966405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2304171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23971263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3988334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16623799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       590299106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       131800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8289643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7853025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7079665                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23354133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4515994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16101778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2064080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27700134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4262448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21342805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2262128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25669178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4318416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21129526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2119750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25570177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1942710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     85444407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1956959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     84930559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1999019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54895021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4720419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16123117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4331229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21323038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2171394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24472001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1829909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83413381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4189690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15966405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2304171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23971263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3988334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16623799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        613653239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4515994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     16101778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2064080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27700134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4262448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21342805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2262128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25669178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4318416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21129526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2119750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25570177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1942710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     85444407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1956959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     84930559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1999019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54895021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4720419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16123117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4331229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21323038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2171394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24472001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1829909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83413381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4189690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15966405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2304171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23971263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3988334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16623799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       613653239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               178                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.320588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.517659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.514661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.462131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.507553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.312684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.325773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.324484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.428839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.882022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.317784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.538905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.462131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.306122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.530259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.325773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.437561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.317784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.538905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.462131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.306122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.530259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.325773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.437561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167259.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 147722.733945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158775.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150544.206522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157868.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154658.007246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150808.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152918.431138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159941.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152010.978417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 141316.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150412.805882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149439.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150399.150097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150535.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151429.339882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153770.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152486.169444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174830.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153553.495238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160415.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150162.239437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144759.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149219.518293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 140762.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151455.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161141.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150626.462264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153611.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151716.854430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153397.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151125.445455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151747.842159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       131800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148029.339286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151019.711538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 147493.020833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148752.439490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167259.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 147722.733945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158775.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150544.206522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157868.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154658.007246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150808.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152792.726190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159941.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152010.978417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 141316.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150412.805882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149439.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150165.917399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150535.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151391.370766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153770.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152486.169444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174830.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153553.495238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160415.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150162.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144759.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149219.518293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 140762.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151111.197464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161141.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150626.462264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153611.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151716.854430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153397.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151125.445455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151631.638003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167259.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 147722.733945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158775.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150544.206522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157868.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154658.007246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150808.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152792.726190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159941.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152010.978417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 141316.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150412.805882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149439.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150165.917399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150535.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151391.370766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153770.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152486.169444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174830.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153553.495238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160415.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150162.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144759.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149219.518293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 140762.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151111.197464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161141.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150626.462264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153611.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151716.854430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153397.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151125.445455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151631.638003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2949571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9760534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1308605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16981800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2696029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13305735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1388623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15816674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2752810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13038548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1248226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15674908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1186880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47301610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1201119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47434737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1240946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33933751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3157582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10013453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2763309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13053286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1303027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14924696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1072830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47006116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2681385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9802935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1431943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14781516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2477788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10231660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363922632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        73125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5025344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4823167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4282379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14204015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2949571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9760534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1308605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16981800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2696029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13305735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1388623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15889799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2752810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13038548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1248226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15674908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1186880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     52326954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1201119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     52257904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1240946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33933751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3157582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10013453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2763309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13053286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1303027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14924696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1072830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51288495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2681385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9802935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1431943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14781516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2477788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10231660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378126647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2949571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9760534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1308605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16981800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2696029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13305735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1388623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15889799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2752810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13038548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1248226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15674908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1186880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     52326954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1201119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     52257904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1240946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33933751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3157582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10013453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2763309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13053286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1303027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14924696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1072830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     51288495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2681385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9802935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1431943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14781516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2477788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10231660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    378126647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.320588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.517659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.514661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.462131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.507553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.312684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.325773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.324484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.428839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.317784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.538905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.462131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.306122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.530259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.325773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.437561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.317784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.543457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.538905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.462131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.306122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.530259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.325773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109243.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89546.183486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100661.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92292.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99852.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96418.369565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92574.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94710.622754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101955.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93802.503597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 83215.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92205.341176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91298.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92205.867446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92393.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93192.017682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95457.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94260.419444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 116947.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95366.219048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102344.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91924.549296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86868.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91004.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 82525.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93266.103175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 103130.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92480.518868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95462.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93553.898734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95299.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93015.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93553.375835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        73125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89738.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92753.211538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89216.229167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90471.433121                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109243.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89546.183486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100661.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92292.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99852.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96418.369565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92574.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94582.136905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101955.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93802.503597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 83215.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92205.341176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91298.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91963.012302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92393.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93151.344029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95457.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94260.419444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 116947.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95366.219048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102344.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91924.549296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86868.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91004.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 82525.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92913.940217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 103130.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92480.518868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95462.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93553.898734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95299.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93015.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93433.814430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109243.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89546.183486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100661.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92292.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99852.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96418.369565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92574.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94582.136905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101955.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93802.503597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 83215.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92205.341176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91298.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91963.012302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92393.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93151.344029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95457.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94260.419444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 116947.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95366.219048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 102344.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91924.549296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86868.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91004.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 82525.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92913.940217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 103130.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92480.518868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95462.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93553.898734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95299.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93015.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93433.814430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.093526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.285124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.093526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         121991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        121991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7331559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7331559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7331559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7331559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7331559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7331559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 192935.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192935.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 192935.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192935.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 192935.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192935.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5913734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5913734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5913734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5913734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5913734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5913734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 203921.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203921.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 203921.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203921.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 203921.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203921.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.893155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.040998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.959002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91977225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91977225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1010895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1010895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92988120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92988120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92988120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92988120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108720.124113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108720.124113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84241.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84241.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108377.762238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108377.762238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108377.762238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108377.762238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34549308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34549308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       225623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       225623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34774931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34774931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34774931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34774931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101615.611765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101615.611765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75207.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75207.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101384.638484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101384.638484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101384.638484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101384.638484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.304728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              643368375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1193633.348794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.304728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         121339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        121339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2455646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2455646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2455646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2455646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2455646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2455646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       121353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       121353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175403.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175403.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2211058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2211058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2211058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2211058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2211058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2211058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170081.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170081.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              150642919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             202205.260403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   144.864852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   111.135148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.565878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.434122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       165243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       202811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         202811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       202811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        202811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188267861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188267861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188267861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    188267861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188267861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    188267861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       204527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       204527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109713.205711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109713.205711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109713.205711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109713.205711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109713.205711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109713.205711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50453745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50453745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50453745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50453745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50453745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50453745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103177.392638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103177.392638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103177.392638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103177.392638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103177.392638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103177.392638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              503.375081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746682610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1481513.115079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.375081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         121072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        121072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6086865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6086865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6086865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6086865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6086865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6086865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       121105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       121105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184450.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184450.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184450.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184450.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184450.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184450.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5404741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5404741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5404741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 186370.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186370.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 186370.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186370.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 186370.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186370.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              112794160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             170900.242424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   158.456934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    97.543066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.618972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.381028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       149729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         149729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       149729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        149729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    158203429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158203429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1329721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1329721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    159533150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159533150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    159533150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159533150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        68082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119941.947688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119941.947688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88648.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88648.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119590.067466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119590.067466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119590.067466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119590.067466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41291605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41291605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       215510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       215510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41507115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41507115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41507115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41507115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102971.583541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102971.583541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 71836.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71836.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102740.383663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102740.383663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102740.383663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102740.383663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              496.615729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              747247260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1503515.613682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.615729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         119983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       119983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        119983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3106660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3106660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3106660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3106660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3106660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3106660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       120002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       120002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163508.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163508.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163508.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163508.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163508.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163508.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2429158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2429158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2429158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2429158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2429158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2429158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161943.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161943.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161943.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161943.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161943.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161943.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              117749254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             157840.823056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   160.036137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    95.963863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.625141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.374859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        69383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         152209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        152209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    208467967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208467967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8511176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8511176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    216979143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216979143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    216979143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216979143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        84504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       153955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       153955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124235.975566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124235.975566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125164.352941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125164.352941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124272.132302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124272.132302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124272.132302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124272.132302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50028543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50028543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       155280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       155280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50183823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50183823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50183823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50183823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102307.858896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102307.858896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       155280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       155280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102415.965306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102415.965306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102415.965306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102415.965306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              503.334592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              746682619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1481513.132937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.334592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         121081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        121081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6276529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6276529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6276529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6276529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6276529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6276529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       121113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       121113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 196141.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196141.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 196141.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196141.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 196141.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196141.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5512238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5512238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5512238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5512238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5512238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5512238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190077.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190077.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190077.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190077.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190077.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190077.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              112794591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             170900.895455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   158.613338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    97.386662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.619583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.380417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        81875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        68285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       150160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         150160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       150160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        150160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156851064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156851064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1484651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1484651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158335715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158335715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158335715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158335715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        68300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       151483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       151483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119916.715596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119916.715596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98976.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98976.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119679.300831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119679.300831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119679.300831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119679.300831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41109807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41109807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       237474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       237474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41347281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41347281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41347281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41347281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102518.221945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102518.221945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        79158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102344.754950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102344.754950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102344.754950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102344.754950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.614657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              747247269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1503515.631791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.614657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.023421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         119992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        119992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2960117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2960117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2960117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2960117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2960117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2960117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155795.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155795.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155795.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155795.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155795.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155795.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2303157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2303157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2303157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153543.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153543.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153543.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153543.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153543.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153543.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              117749189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             158905.788124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   160.044922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    95.955078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.625175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.374825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        82742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         152142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        152142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    207549210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207549210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7603468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7603468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    215152678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215152678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    215152678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215152678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        84424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       153892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       153892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123394.298454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123394.298454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111815.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111815.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122944.387429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122944.387429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122944.387429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122944.387429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     49447455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49447455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     49447455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49447455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     49447455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49447455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101953.515464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101953.515464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101953.515464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101953.515464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101953.515464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101953.515464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.513524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750409064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494838.772908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.513524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         116614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        116614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2304603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2304603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2304603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2304603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2304603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2304603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       116630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       116630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 144037.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144037.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 144037.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144037.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 144037.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144037.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2076541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2076541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2076541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2076541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2076541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2076541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159733.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159733.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159733.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159733.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159733.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159733.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125071327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             95987.204144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.820591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.179409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.721955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.278045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        71293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    312250767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312250767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     73717555                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73717555                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    385968322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    385968322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    385968322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    385968322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       162328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       162328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.025932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132872.666809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132872.666809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 178492.869249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178492.869249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139691.756062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139691.756062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139691.756062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139691.756062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    116435848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116435848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8927664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8927664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125363512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125363512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125363512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125363512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000781                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000781                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117493.287588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117493.287588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 159422.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159422.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119735.923591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119735.923591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119735.923591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119735.923591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.531432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750409340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1494839.322709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.531432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         116890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       116890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        116890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2330922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2330922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2330922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2330922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2330922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2330922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       116905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       116905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       116905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155394.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155394.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155394.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155394.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155394.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155394.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2124843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2124843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2124843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163449.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163449.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163449.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163449.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163449.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163449.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125071595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             96431.453354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.025924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.974076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.718851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.281149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       159832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         159832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       159832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        159832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    311595824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311595824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69888478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69888478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    381484302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    381484302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    381484302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    381484302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       162557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 133103.726613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133103.726613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 182001.244792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182001.244792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 139994.239266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139994.239266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 139994.239266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139994.239266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    116081270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116081270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8439244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8439244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    124520514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124520514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    124520514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124520514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117372.366026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117372.366026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162293.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162293.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119616.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119616.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119616.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119616.247839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              555.476539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              765694054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1377147.579137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.476539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       118037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       118037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         118037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       118037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        118037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2619381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2619381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2619381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2619381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2619381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2619381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       118054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       118054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       118054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       118054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       118054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154081.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154081.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154081.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154081.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154081.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154081.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2150424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2150424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2150424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2150424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2150424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2150424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165417.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165417.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165417.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165417.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165417.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165417.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              287983623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             278245.046377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   102.272048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   153.727952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.399500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.600500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       300032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       463785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         463785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       463785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        463785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    345409446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    345409446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    345409446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    345409446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    345409446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    345409446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       302860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       163753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       466613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       466613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122139.125177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122139.125177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122139.125177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122139.125177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122139.125177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122139.125177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87952103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87952103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87952103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87952103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87952103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87952103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112903.854942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112903.854942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112903.854942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112903.854942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112903.854942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112903.854942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              473.100879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750129909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1549855.183884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.100879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.029008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         121942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        121942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7671580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7671580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7671580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7671580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7671580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7671580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       121981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       121981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       121981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 196707.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196707.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 196707.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196707.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 196707.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196707.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6350112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6350112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6350112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 218969.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218969.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 218969.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218969.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 218969.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218969.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108893410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181792.003339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.104292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.895708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.457439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.542561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        96330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         166931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        166931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92797089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92797089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1683416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1683416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94480505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94480505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94480505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94480505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       167785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       167785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110210.319477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110210.319477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140284.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140284.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110632.909836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110632.909836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110632.909836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110632.909836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35065091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35065091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       369498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       369498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35434589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35434589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35434589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35434589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103132.620588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103132.620588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       123166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       123166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103307.839650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103307.839650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103307.839650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103307.839650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              502.400733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              746682605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1484458.459245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.400733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6413422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6413422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6413422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6413422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6413422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6413422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 206884.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206884.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 206884.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206884.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 206884.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206884.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5715368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5715368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5715368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5715368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5715368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5715368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 204120.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204120.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 204120.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204120.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 204120.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204120.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              112794370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             170900.560606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   158.686678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    97.313322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.619870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.380130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        68201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       149939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         149939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       149939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        149939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157145907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157145907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1418665                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1418665                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158564572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158564572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158564572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158564572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        68216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119411.783435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119411.783435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94577.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94577.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119131.909842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119131.909842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119131.909842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119131.909842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41498117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41498117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       220977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41719094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41719094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41719094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41719094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103486.576060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103486.576060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        73659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103265.084158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103265.084158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103265.084158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103265.084158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              496.614060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              747247345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1503515.784708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.614060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3108070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3108070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3108070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3108070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3108070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3108070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163582.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163582.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163582.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163582.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163582.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163582.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2456470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2456470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2456470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2456470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2456470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2456470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163764.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163764.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163764.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163764.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163764.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163764.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              117749267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             158905.893387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.024616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.975384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.625096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.374904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         152221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        152221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    204075120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204075120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7926706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7926706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212001826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212001826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212001826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212001826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       153968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       153968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121545.634306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121545.634306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116569.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116569.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121351.932456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121351.932456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121351.932456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121351.932456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49123665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49123665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49123665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49123665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49123665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49123665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101285.907216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101285.907216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101285.907216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101285.907216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101285.907216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101285.907216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.531892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750409252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494839.147410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.531892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         116802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        116802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2196519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2196519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2196519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2196519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2196519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2196519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       116817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       116817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146434.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146434.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146434.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146434.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146434.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146434.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1959657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1959657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1959657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1959657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1959657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1959657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150742.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150742.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125071420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             96431.318427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   183.785518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    72.214482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.717912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.282088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         159658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        159658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    317861194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317861194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63465481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63465481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    381326675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    381326675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    381326675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    381326675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        90626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       162386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       162386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.026174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 134005.562395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134005.562395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 178273.823034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178273.823034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139782.505499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139782.505499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139782.505499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139782.505499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116720535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116720535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7579808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7579808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    124300343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124300343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    124300343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124300343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117543.338369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117543.338369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 157912.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157912.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119404.748319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119404.748319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119404.748319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119404.748319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              472.690655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750130011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1553064.204969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.690655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.028350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6847143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6847143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6847143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6847143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6847143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6847143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190198.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190198.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190198.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190198.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190198.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190198.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5620145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5620145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5620145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5620145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5620145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5620145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 200719.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200719.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 200719.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200719.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 200719.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 200719.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              108893290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             182095.802676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   116.845004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   139.154996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.456426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.543574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        96258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        70553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       166811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         166811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       166811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        166811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90181264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90181264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1567316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1567316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     91748580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91748580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     91748580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91748580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       167658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       167658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108001.513772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108001.513772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130609.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130609.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108321.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108321.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108321.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108321.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34117037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34117037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       334218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       334218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34451255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34451255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34451255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34451255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100640.227139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100640.227139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       111406                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       111406                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100734.663743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100734.663743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100734.663743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100734.663743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.613653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              747247412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1503515.919517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.613653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3272138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3272138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3272138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3272138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3272138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3272138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172217.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172217.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172217.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172217.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172217.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172217.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2612526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2612526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2612526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2612526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2612526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2612526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174168.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174168.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174168.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174168.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174168.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174168.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              117749337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             158905.987854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   160.039227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    95.960773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.625153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.374847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        69464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       152291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         152291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       152291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        152291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    203090588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203090588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7555902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7555902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    210646490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210646490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    210646490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210646490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       154037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       154037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121031.339690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121031.339690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111116.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111116.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120645.183276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120645.183276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120645.183276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120645.183276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48824176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48824176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48824176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48824176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48824176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48824176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100668.404124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100668.404124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100668.404124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100668.404124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100668.404124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100668.404124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              472.692670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750129939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1553064.055901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.692670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.028354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6571003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6571003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6571003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6571003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6571003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6571003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177594.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177594.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177594.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177594.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177594.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177594.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5209323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5209323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5209323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5209323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5209323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5209323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186047.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186047.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186047.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186047.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186047.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186047.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108893184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             182095.625418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   116.846447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   139.153553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.456431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.543569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        96190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        70515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       166705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         166705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       166705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        166705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     91575749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91575749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1170644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1170644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92746393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92746393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92746393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92746393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        97026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109540.369617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109540.369617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97553.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97553.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109370.746462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109370.746462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109370.746462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109370.746462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34586212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34586212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       240925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34827137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34827137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34827137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34827137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102024.224189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102024.224189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80308.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80308.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101833.733918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101833.733918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101833.733918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101833.733918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
