
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104620                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104619889008                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632395265553                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 320682                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   409366                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1934788                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 54073.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17340242678                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22135642669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1825792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2462720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2461312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1415296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2556288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3646208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2490880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2429184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4094464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1831424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2466304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3686400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1409920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4146048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1354240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             40841856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           75904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11157376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11157376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        31988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        28800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        32391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                319077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           87167                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                87167                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17451672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23539692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23526234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13527982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24434054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     34851958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23808857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23219141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39136574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17505505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23573950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35236130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13476596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        48939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39629635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23795399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     12944384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               390383286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        48939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             725522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         106646796                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              106646796                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         106646796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17451672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23539692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23526234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13527982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24434054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     34851958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23808857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23219141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39136574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        50163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17505505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23573950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35236130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13476596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        48939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39629635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23795399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     12944384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              497030082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20647331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16892954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8673603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139624                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136368                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199136239                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115397320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20647331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10275992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24104568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5501575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4709247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12182689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025356                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231401476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207296908     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1127572      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1787473      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2421097      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2487970      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2106093      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1175812      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753525      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11245026      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231401476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459957                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197112904                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6749495                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24061939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26088                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3451045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3399424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141632092                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3451045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197651863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1390861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4123140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23556153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1228409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141582928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       167434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       535684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197572288                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658624396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658624396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26026774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18722                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3676629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13266763                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7185019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141419931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134425326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15447480                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36798151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231401476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174474429     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23442160     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870215      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8923070      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7009670      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836888      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789322      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931302      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124420      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231401476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25042     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81837     36.60%     47.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116740     52.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113062502     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001467      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12182714      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161781      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134425326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535800                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223619                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500494086                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156903669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132399453                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134648945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2122481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95415                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1112638                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141455793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        35988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13266763                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7185019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132559959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18624445                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7161493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132399661                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132399453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76004289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204788484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527725                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18406893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34009                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227950431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177457780     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25034065     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9449644      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4503257      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3811345      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179638      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1896659      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862050      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755993      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227950431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2755993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366649584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286362772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019267                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19485549                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.508870                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.508870                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398586                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398586                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596636399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184432015                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131285722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19040069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996917                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12747643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12417863                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146528                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201206302                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            108117372                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19040069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13564391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24112931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4969120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3045201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12171613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231806650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      207693719     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3671988      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1860163      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3632407      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1169681      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3363727      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         531703      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         856948      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9026314      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231806650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430940                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      198782372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5514827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24065730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3424262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1802684                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17870                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    120997494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        33775                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3424262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199053223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3305507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379245                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23815635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       828771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    120825880                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        93738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       662902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    158402317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    547675138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    547675138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    128581751                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29820566                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16281                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1798375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     21756282                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3548356                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       806366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        120204328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       112601617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21587325                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44216047                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231806650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182400983     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15623335      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16481739      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9583264      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945515      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238923      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470248      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28348      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231806650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        188954     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77023     23.36%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63714     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88327178     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885701      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8041      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19862086     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518611      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    112601617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457411648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141808297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109749006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    112931308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88927                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          312                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80183                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3424262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2234158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       101999                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120220778                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21756282                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548356                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8238                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2261                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          312                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025696                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1609121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111170020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19574151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1431597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23092566                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16896835                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3518415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443108                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            109773258                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           109749006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66411358                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       144803801                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458630                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87440204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     98478359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21747244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16219                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1508883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228382388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191698562     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14425165      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9256052      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2915593      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831081      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943806      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       598906      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548263      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164960      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228382388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     87440204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     98478359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20804567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17336394                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8092                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15106173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        86072045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1234528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3164960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          345442706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         243878181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4466986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19080375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          87440204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            98478359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     87440204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.869241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.869241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      516686037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     143042047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128436958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19043306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16997941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519770                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12754651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12413959                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147439                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201203212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            108129131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19043306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13561398                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24113317                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4973737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3019305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12172887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    231781255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      207667938     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3672800      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1859033      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3631848      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1169487      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3362556      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         531139      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         857359      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9029095      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    231781255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075904                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      198762247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5506219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24065744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19481                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3427563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1804251                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17858                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    121008013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        33659                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3427563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199034845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3308012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1363692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23814553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       832583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    120836091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        93951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       666508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    158426600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    547710471                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    547710471                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    128564673                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29861911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8249                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1805399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     21751228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3549095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       806049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        120210697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16347                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       112597134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21607935                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44254733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231781255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182379133     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15625088      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16474955      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9582143      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4948300      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238388      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470560      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34297      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28391      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231781255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189298     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77051     23.34%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63743     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88327299     78.45%     78.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885476      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19857168     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519151      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    112597134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448796                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457378792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141835264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109744500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    112927226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89566                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4418240                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3427563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2229858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102349                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120227123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21751228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1610176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111166043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19571601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1431091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23090590                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16896615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3518989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443092                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            109769458                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           109744500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        66405068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       144784992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87427000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     98464604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21767294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1510229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228353692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191674653     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14424355      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9253970      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913378      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831821      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943940      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599452      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548505      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163618      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228353692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     87427000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     98464604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20800952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17332985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15104009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        86060325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1234469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3163618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          345421647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         243894038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4466676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19105770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          87427000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            98464604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     87427000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.869674                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.869674                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      516659526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     143043247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     128446330                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250887021                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22697065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18899558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8943139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8316744                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96769                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197753928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            124554288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22697065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10763349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25970289                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5738055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6731217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12278365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234107439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208137150     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1592501      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2011658      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3203373      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1342126      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1723228      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2012475      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         918261      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13166667      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234107439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      196595336                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8001191                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25847294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12043                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3651568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3451940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    152225228                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2438                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3651568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      196793475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        635664                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6814533                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25661538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       550655                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    151287363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        79444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       384596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    211339947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    703603965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    703603965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    177017686                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34322261                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1937907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14150084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7404075                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82753                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        147721377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141794554                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       139782                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17805035                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36142812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2082                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234107439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174010732     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27426713     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11199653      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6272951      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8510937      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614915      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577796      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385353      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108389      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234107439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977396     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130561     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126429     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119459087     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939076      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17556      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12997911      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7380924      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141794554                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234386                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519070715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165564581                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138107492                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    143028940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104516                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2644633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          677                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           92                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        485195                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147758877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14150084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7404075                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          677                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2381444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139325738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12783751                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2468816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20164220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19703716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7380469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555333                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            138107799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           138107492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        82749703                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       222313043                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372222                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102985526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    126902476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20856969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35413                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2085088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230455871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176741883     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27220532     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9886081      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4924975      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502404      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894449      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869830      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891720      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523997      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230455871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    102985526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    126902476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18816667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11505451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18394414                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       114253449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2620571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2523997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          375690604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         299170472                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2999500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16779582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         102985526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           126902476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    102985526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.436139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.436139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      626943400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     193000589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     140810642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20392643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16720596                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1996859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8397118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7960659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194603781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115955357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20392643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10053909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25500272                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5676366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6435527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11989624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230188136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      204687864     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2764840      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3197081      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1757416      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2018166      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1113651      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         754324      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1978279      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11916515      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230188136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081282                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      193022063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8046897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25288725                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       200538                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3629912                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3312896                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18645                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141551195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        92793                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3629912                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      193331611                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2883452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4299322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25192449                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       851381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141464394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       216615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       397779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    196607581                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    658699792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    658699792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    167838318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28769262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36993                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20624                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2279516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13502423                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7360924                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193095                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141257172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37083                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       133476336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17687699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40917218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230188136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173961934     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22604363      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12148789      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8418742      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7357129      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3760178      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911034      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585177      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440790      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230188136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35324     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124321     42.99%     55.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129546     44.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111720523     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088701      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16345      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12342898      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7307869      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    133476336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289191                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497617813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158983221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131257644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    133765527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2381091                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          805                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3629912                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2395341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145379                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141294374                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13502423                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360924                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20618                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1155990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2278573                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131506705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11589778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18895942                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18398849                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7306164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            131259675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           131257644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        78011989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       204341711                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98559783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    120921066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20374527                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32963                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2008349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226558224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177165335     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22903950     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9597131      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5772454      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3988891      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2579615      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1338514      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077903      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134431      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226558224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     98559783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    120921066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18317094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11121332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17305950                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       109015156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2460157                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2134431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          365718723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286221178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2981661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20698889                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          98559783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           120921066                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     98559783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.545531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.545531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      593217971                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     182173067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     132107298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        32932                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20341469                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16636526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1984016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8396905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8020473                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88183                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197327806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115453893                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20341469                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10112508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24191060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5769460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3463810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12133889                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    228724678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      204533618     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1314660      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2069501      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3301002      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1363897      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1519969      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1632275      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1061295      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11928461      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    228724678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460183                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      195513424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5292413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24115556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        61768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3741513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3334727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    140978361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3032                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3741513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      195815725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1687412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2732254                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23880828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       866942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    140896624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        25163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       242221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       326906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42335                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    195613423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    655450463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    655450463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    166973494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28639929                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35816                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19673                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2600231                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13416856                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7215407                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217872                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1642858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        140697723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35923                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       133146000                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17880195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39811202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3358                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228724678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172596145     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22519044      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12317949      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8400624      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7860415      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2256707      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1764625      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597111      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412058      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228724678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30918     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95479     38.56%     51.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121198     48.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111537618     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107305      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16143      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12304079      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180855      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    133146000                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530701                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495428136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158615285                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131006156                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    133393595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401418                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2396510                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          362                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8322                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3741513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116881                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140733783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13416856                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7215407                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19658                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1475                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1159753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2292418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131252771                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11571139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18750192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18464562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7179053                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            131007251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           131006156                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76595239                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       200134370                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98079117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120219808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20514167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2026028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224983165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176180540     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23635108     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9200752      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4955641      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712837      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073826      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1278647      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142599      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803215      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224983165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     98079117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120219808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18025909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11020346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17257038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108326938                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2442171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2803215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          362913262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         285209680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3183524                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              22162347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          98079117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120219808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     98079117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.558007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.558007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390929                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390929                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591880682                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     181598888                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     131492720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32536                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20397724                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16725676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8469450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7968708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194686611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            115938069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20397724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10062525                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25501386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5673527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6385074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11993481                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1982970                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    230217093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204715707     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2766080      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3198473      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1758848      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2018348      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1116790      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         755913      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1975989      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11910945      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    230217093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.462113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      193101667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      7999808                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25287431                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       202840                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3625346                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3312558                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18678                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    141523511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        92606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3625346                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      193412409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2932458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4197504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25192143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       857224                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    141436095                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       220176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       399032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           62                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    196571699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    658542870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    658542870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    167889408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28682291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20717                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2286391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13503314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7360016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        141231642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       133491813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17620710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40694387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4214                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230217093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173971442     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22624470      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12153406      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8414163      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7354864      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3760022      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912973      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585386      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440367      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230217093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35373     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123338     42.79%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129511     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111732566     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087198      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16350      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12348695      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7307004      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    133491813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.532079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288222                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497678100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158890805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131271624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    133780035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2378590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          814                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1264                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       162025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3625346                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2437541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141268952                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13503314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1264                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1159253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1120770                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2280023                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131521067                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11595610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1970746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18900955                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18403658                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7305345                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524224                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            131273844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           131271624                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        78019117                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       204332973                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98589889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120957843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20312507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32976                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2010008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226591747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177183042     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22911882     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9600084      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5773443      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3991235      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581091      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337381      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077929      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2135660      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226591747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     98589889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120957843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18322715                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11124724                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17311151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       109048343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2460891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2135660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          365725774                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         286166126                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2982820                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              20669932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          98589889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120957843                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     98589889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.544754                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.544754                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      593300230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     182190760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     132094113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32946                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19044075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17000277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12745873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12418817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201255010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            108143047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19044075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13565743                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24116867                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4972452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3031945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            8                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12175077                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491501                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231848437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207731570     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3671396      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1861083      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3633579      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1169933      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3363428      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         531899      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         856981      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9028568      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231848437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      198811559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5521408                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24069379                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3426731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1803063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17873                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    121019389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        33749                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3426731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199084130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3318863                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1366141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23818082                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       834483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    120848158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        93843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       668706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    158439100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    547772688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    547772688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    128584030                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29855058                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8245                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1808100                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     21759031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3548982                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       807327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        120226027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16343                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       112615437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21608054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44253655                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231848437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182433708     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15632010      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16481166      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9583076      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4946085      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238020      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471546      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34457      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28369      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231848437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189063     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        76981     23.34%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63723     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88338990     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885561      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8041      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19863819     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519026      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    112615437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448869                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329767                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457481527                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141850707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109760850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    112945204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88262                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4422506                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80725                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3426731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2238235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102642                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120242457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21759031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548982                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8242                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1610191                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111184115                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19577587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1431322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           23096429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16898364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3518842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.443164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            109785379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           109760850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66417220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       144810771                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437491                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87441506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     98479950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21767380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16218                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1509751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228421706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191734293     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14428190      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9256959      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914937      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830986      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944513      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599655      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548792      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163381      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228421706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     87441506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     98479950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20804779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            17336522                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8092                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15106410                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        86073461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1234556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3163381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          345505330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         243924075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4466922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19038588                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          87441506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            98479950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     87441506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.869198                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.869198                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.348529                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.348529                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      516749880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     143061483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128464213                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19517461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17612023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1023175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7332047                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6978646                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078466                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45478                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206880299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            122779037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19517461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8057112                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24278556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3214309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4995386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11874798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1028193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    238319847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      214041291     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         866464      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1771621      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         744630      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4036813      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3590590      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         696462      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1455909      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11116067      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    238319847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      205717897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6170648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24188894                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        77305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2165098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1712801                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143973844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2799                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2165098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      205927115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       4455134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1059495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24071532                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       641466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143897975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       273887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       232596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3695                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    168943624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    677780993                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    677780993                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    149904904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       19038708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8436                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1618258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     33954144                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     17175501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156545                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       830260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143615984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16760                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       138096759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11047358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26496960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238319847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189272368     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14673745      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12051664      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5212649      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6608722      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6402505      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3632376      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286474      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179344      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238319847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349346     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2725903     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78973      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86628522     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206536      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8270      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33115596     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17137835     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    138096759                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3154222                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517739740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154683637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136918124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    141250981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1302186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          559                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102686                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12229                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2165098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4093037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182780                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143632836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33954144                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17175501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8438                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124639                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       596300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       604314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1200614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137129782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33003007                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       966977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           50139514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17966808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         17136507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546580                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            136922388                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           136918124                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        73941814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       145677439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545736                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507572                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111265888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    130755966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12891115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16670                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1045610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236154749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188758595     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17282691      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8113581      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8021421      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2182991      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9335891      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699075      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508051      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252453      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236154749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    111265888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    130755966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             49724766                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            32651951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8322                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17267099                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       116273568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1266598                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1252453                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          378549039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         289459474                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4537017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              12567178                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         111265888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           130755966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    111265888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.254842                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.254842                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      677935451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     158993913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     171447652                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20643525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16890261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024456                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8647679                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8135545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92211                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199130453                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115375704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20643525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10272072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24094440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5503092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4717893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12183269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    231395174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207300734     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1124376      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1782787      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2418138      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2489004      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2104962      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1177659      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1758001      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11239513      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    231395174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082282                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459871                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      197107232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6758115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24051690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        26115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3452017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3398380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141606710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3452017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      197643452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1388903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4133056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23548466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1229275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141560688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       168013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       535808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    197546429                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    658509670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    658509670                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171523335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26023094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35317                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18456                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3675816                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13263112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7183761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1689212                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141403842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35439                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       134411227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18374                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15443120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36786348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231395174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174509154     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23399594     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11854170      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8930905      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7021307      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834771      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789326      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932037      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123910      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231395174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25190     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81810     36.63%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116343     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113052103     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000918      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16860      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180579      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160767      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    134411227                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.535744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500459345                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156882948                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132385873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    134634570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          147                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3452017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1109987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141439426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13263112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18457                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181610                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2313601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132545026                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11459843                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18620326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18840838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7160483                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.528306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132386087                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132385873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75990461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204761620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99987067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123033003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18406450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2049962                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227943157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177486026     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25003323     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450751      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4501848      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3793839      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178172      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908195      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860776      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2760227      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227943157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99987067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123033003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18231492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11142815                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16964                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17741603                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110851210                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2533510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2760227                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          366621694                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286330979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3020324                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19491851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99987067                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123033003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99987067                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.509195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.509195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      596569914                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184418743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     131261692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19042295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16997140                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12758683                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12416541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147088                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201203192                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            108125944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19042295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13563629                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24114394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4972957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3045299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12172419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    231807944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      207693550     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3671625      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1859556      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3632573      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1171378      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3363414      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         531596      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         856477      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9027775      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    231807944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      198762269                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5532072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24067008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3427186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1804315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17871                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    121008231                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        33793                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3427186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      199034564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3318994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1377672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23815792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       833729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    120835944                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        94038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       667650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    158419086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    547719307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    547719307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    128563515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29855555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1804949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21754325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3549259                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       805198                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        120212308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       112594731                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72304                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21610226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44273484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231807944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182403676     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15626880      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16476698      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9582926      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4946713      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238313      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470191      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34262      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28285      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231807944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189009     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77081     23.37%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63768     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88324386     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885727      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19857454     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519124      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    112594731                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448787                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457399568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141839148                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109742291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    112924589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4421628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3427186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2239555                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102507                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120228721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21754325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549259                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026127                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1610287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111163485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19572150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1431246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23091074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16896067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3518924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            109767077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           109742291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        66404444                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       144792817                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458617                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87426019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     98463623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21769990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16214                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1509809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228380758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191702912     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14422698      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9254132      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914632      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831443      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943090      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599600      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548065      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164186      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228380758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     87426019                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     98463623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20800656                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17332693                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15103845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        86059506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1234468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3164186                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          345449860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         243897161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4467897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19079081                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          87426019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            98463623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     87426019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.869707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.869707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      516652182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     143033986                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     128444044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20338472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16634699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1982288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8390821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8019333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88142                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197273044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            115436024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20338472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10110391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24190927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5765196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3472278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12129845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997875                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    228675783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      204484856     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1314589      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2072198      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3299142      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1364016      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1522814      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1630964      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1060548      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11926656      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    228675783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081066                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      195462457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5297437                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24114708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        62122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3739055                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3333516                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    140962214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3739055                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      195762780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1689041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2740393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23882355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       862155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    140881191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        23863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       241734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       325182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42395                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    195589568                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    655391776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    655391776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    166946127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28643441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35821                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19676                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2588809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13419491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7214150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217681                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1642766                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        140680536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35915                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       133116004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163496                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17886876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39876142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228675783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172559520     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22515858      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12309399      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8402102      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7860088      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2259021      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1760588      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597599      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411608      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228675783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30855     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96459     38.82%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121162     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111514390     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2106639      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16141      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12299646      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179188      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    133116004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248476                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495319763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158604765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130980306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    133364480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       400693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2400908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8330                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3739055                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1134894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140716588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13419491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7214150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19653                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158441                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2291379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131226302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11568622                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1889702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18745962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18461036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7177340                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523049                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            130981377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           130980306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        76584787                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       200121044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382692                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98063111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    120200199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20516590                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32560                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2024243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224936728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176143864     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23631599     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9197447      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4953091      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3713690      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071448      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279394      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143491      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2802704      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224936728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     98063111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    120200199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18023039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11018583                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17254206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       108309303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2441777                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2802704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          362850150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         285172849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3181414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              22211242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          98063111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           120200199                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     98063111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.558424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.558424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      591756289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     181565004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     131471627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22702071                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18905677                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8952760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8324553                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445843                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96383                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197760550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124565225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22702071                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10770396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25973373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5740794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6745391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12279543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    234133592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208160219     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1591856      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2019006      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3205921      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1334344      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1722405      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2012615      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         916835      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13170391      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    234133592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196602411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8014618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25850563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12155                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3653838                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3450852                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    152234909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3653838                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196799720                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        635297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6828427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25665644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       550660                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    151300565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        79928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       384163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    211370072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    703659731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    703659731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    177012379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34357687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1937164                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14148071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7403695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        147737075                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141804221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       140476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17829817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36164271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234133592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174035480     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27426340     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11200707      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6273544      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8507907      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2615291      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2580839      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385154      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108330      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234133592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978181     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130520     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126425     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119469010     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939622      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17555      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12997332      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7380702      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141804221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565211                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1235126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519117636                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165605091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138115278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143039347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104712                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2642960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          689                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653838                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        484338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147774593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14148071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7403695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53856                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          689                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231469                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151482                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2382951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139333387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12783992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2470834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20164249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19703880                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7380257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555363                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138115568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138115278                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82755871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       222317830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102982387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126898664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20876578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35409                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2085583                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230479754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176766463     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27220379     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9886161      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4925063      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502380      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894060      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869725      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891580      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523943      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230479754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    102982387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126898664                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18816089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11505111                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17664                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18393896                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       114249976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2620489                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2523943                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375730338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         299204336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2999191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16753433                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         102982387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126898664                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    102982387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.436213                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.436213                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410473                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410473                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      626982352                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     193014435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140821783                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35380                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19507053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17602482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1021430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7361077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6976446                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206779367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            122724785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19507053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8055107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24267778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3207810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5006129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11868067                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1026599                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    238214148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      213946370     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         866027      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1770983      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         744759      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4036013      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3586957      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         696865      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1456148      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11110026      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    238214148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      205616447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6181747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24178007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        77582                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2160360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1711975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          515                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143907643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2820                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2160360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      205826069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4462789                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061564                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24060243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       643116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143832636                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       275028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       233010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3064                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    168863193                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    677482065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    677482065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    149864113                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       18999068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        16703                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8433                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1622154                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     33940336                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17170467                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       833050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143553431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       138052443                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72188                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11016479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26410111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238214148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189186858     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14664757      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12047268      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5209741      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6607459      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6399440      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3633142      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       285825      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179658      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238214148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349548     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724487     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78932      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86598197     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206213      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8268      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33106781     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17132984     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    138052443                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152967                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517544189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154590180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136875847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    141205410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248409                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1298088                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          568                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3522                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102679                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12220                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2160360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4098646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143570279                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33940336                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17170467                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8435                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3522                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       595389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       602777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1198166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137088025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32994783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       964418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           50126415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17960152                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17131632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            136880275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           136875847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73919496                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       145635512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545568                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111234782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    130719594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12864596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1043867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236053788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188673308     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17274630      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8110672      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8022062      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180334      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9333962      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       698060      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508152      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252608      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236053788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    111234782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    130719594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             49710029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            32642241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17262331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116241285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1266290                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1252608                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          378385032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         289328960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4534477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12672877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         111234782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           130719594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    111234782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.255473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.255473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      677741119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     158945142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     171380244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20404581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16730061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1997402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8400399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7964994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2094260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194731072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            116024279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20404581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10059254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25513572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5679159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6470314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11996348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1982301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    230365703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      204852131     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2767717      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3198017      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1755852      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2020071      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1113808      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         755617      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1978923      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11923567      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    230365703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      193141550                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      8089416                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25300308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       202351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3632077                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3315005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18668                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141628713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        92575                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3632077                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      193451545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2854446                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4366856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25205162                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       855608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    141543397                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       218180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       399655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    196716399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    659066297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    659066297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    167947450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28768933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37027                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20621                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2282678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13505585                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7366613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        141336838                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37114                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       133556507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187393                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17688876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40906049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230365703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174101850     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22624101      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12158333      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8417982      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7361611      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3762810      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912580      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585668      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440768      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230365703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35193     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123661     42.78%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       130194     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111785381     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089960      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16356      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12351455      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7313355      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    133556507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497955156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159064092                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131338910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    133845555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       338221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2377017                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          804                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8180                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3632077                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2362171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141374072                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13505585                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7366613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20636                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1156953                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122933                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2279886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131587830                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11598527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1968675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18910152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18410258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7311625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            131340996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           131338910                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78054266                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204446254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98624000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    120999666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20375606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32988                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2008938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226733626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177310285     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22915501     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9604656      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5775469      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3993175      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581795      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1338766      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077657      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2136322      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226733626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     98624000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    120999666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18329042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11128568                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16458                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17317147                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       109086046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2461742                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2136322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          365971913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         286382698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2982475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              20521322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          98624000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           120999666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     98624000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.543874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.543874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      593594125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     182280015                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     132189031                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        32958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250887025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22709224                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18910549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2068705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8930746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8322656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2447389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197845157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124619963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22709224                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10770045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25984732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5739686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6794460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12284894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1977166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    234276673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208291941     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1593266      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2013887      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3205060      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1343037      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1725162      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2014358      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         917581      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13172381      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    234276673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496717                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      196686833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8064525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25861473                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        11962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3651873                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3453055                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          451                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    152299385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2110                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3651873                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      196885402                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        635433                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6877598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25675322                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       551039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    151358278                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        79728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       384688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    211442664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    703929563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    703929563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    177095639                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       34347006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19758                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1940688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14151757                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7407195                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        147779634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37451                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       141860862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17803666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36103417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2027                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234276673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174154212     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27435803     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11205557      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6276303      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8516030      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614807      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579220      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386367      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108374      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234276673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977523     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130324     10.56%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126520     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119517407     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1940180      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17563      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13001603      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7384109      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    141860862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565437                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519371514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165621423                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138170832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    143095229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2641234                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          674                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651873                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        485049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147817089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14151757                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7407195                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19759                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          674                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2383169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139389454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12789060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2471405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20172719                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19713073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7383659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            138171112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           138170832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        82790753                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       222412923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    103030771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    126958308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20859333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35424                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2086412                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230624800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176888937     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27232004     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9888428      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4927679      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4503948      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1895679      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1870266      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       892244      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2525615      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230624800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    103030771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    126958308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18824929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11510514                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17672                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18402529                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       114303707                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2621731                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2525615                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          375916111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         299287189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3000902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16610352                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         103030771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           126958308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    103030771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.435069                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.435069                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.410666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.410666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      627232135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     193091099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     140883214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         319197                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.052847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1994801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         351962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.667660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           255.637612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.707253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1211.929369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.423617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1647.925398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.756271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1653.500278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.725060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1018.015178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.955486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1772.356150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.954408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2201.399998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.542707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1761.125525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.085964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1633.838801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.004748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2703.467990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.353146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1218.041938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.513426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1656.918297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.126597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2201.285306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.503958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1000.275257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.169321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2680.721405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.759578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1712.376498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.529720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   961.649137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           323.012725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           343.406577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           346.528274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           266.853049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           314.803961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           389.421237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           335.397635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           362.857246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           368.370900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           315.976230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           339.090299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           372.195170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           272.714532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           362.006425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           383.162835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           330.680352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.036985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.050291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.050461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.054088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.067181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.053745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.082503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.037172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.050565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.067178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.030526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.081809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.052258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.029347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  558242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           167925                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                167925                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2057                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   560299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        43056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35914                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42715                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25701                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  560299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                319029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 319077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19268                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                319077                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5845565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2328730204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4976999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3123001549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5105745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3126890762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5778096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1814466392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6227653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3289501620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5958100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4676073608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5607478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3207756746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5060336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3083843731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5966167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5202653302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6470657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2334618116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5337719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3130533498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5968507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4724848212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5477754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1806630599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6132039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5275973085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5618754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3201570520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5373648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1734961566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52152958727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       714666                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       150744                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       903397                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       782765                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       920055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1646245                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       457893                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       151648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1168133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       753921                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7649467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5845565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2328730204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4976999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3123716215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5105745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3126890762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5778096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1814617136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6227653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3290405017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5958100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4676073608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5607478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3208539511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5060336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3084763786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5966167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5204299547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6470657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2334618116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5337719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3130991391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5968507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4724999860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5477754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1806630599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6132039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5277141218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5618754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3202324441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5373648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1734961566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52160608194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5845565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2328730204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4976999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3123716215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5105745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3126890762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5778096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1814617136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6227653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3290405017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5958100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4676073608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5607478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3208539511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5060336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3084763786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5966167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5204299547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6470657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2334618116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5337719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3130991391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5968507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4724999860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5477754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1806630599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6132039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5277141218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5618754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3202324441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5373648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1734961566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52160608194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        80621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              877271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       167925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            167925                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        80699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               879376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        80699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        54390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              879376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.363661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.057971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.084507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.128205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022803                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.304735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.362845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.304735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.362845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149886.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163259.268368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150818.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162351.920826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150168.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162613.280046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156164.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164115.990593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159683.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164763.416980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152771.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164153.394931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151553.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164880.840195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148833.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162547.107896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152978.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162694.768341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157820.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163168.724909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156991.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162498.494576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153038.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164062.926213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156507.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164015.487880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153300.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162919.129354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151858.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164655.961736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       149268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163985.025142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163474.037555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 178666.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       150744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150566.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       156553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153342.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164624.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       152631                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       151648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166876.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150784.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159363.895833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149886.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163259.268368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150818.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162355.312630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150168.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162613.280046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156164.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164114.781225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159683.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164759.151620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152771.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164153.394931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151553.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164878.700462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148833.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162544.197808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152978.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162695.371608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157820.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163168.724909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156991.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162496.958221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153038.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164062.495139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156507.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164015.487880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153300.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162919.984502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151858.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164652.395547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       149268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163985.025142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163473.419250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149886.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163259.268368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150818.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162355.312630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150168.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162613.280046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156164.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164114.781225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159683.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164759.151620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152771.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164153.394931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151553.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164878.700462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148833.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162544.197808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152978.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162695.371608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157820.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163168.724909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156991.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162496.958221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153038.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164062.495139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156507.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164015.487880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153300.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162919.984502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151858.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164652.395547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       149268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163985.025142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163473.419250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                87167                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     87167                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           319029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            319077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           319077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3572130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1498084380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3057491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2002562359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3128478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2006798691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3629428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1170666586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3959936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2126689354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3687980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3017309412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3454869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2074596584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3080615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1978648999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3698807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3341396382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4088708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1501437088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3361191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2008445005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3696958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3047842740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3446156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1165240409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3801433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3391047005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3466726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2069203532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3277561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1118898906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33575275899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       481836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        92615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       551840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       490557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       570928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1063558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       284100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        93032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       761572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       461700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851738                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3572130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1498084380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3057491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2003044195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3128478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2006798691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3629428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1170759201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3959936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2127241194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3687980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3017309412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3454869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2075087141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3080615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1979219927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3698807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3342459940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4088708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1501437088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3361191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2008729105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3696958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3047935772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3446156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1165240409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3801433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3391808577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3466726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2069665232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3277561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1118898906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33580127637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3572130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1498084380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3057491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2003044195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3128478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2006798691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3629428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1170759201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3959936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2127241194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3687980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3017309412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3454869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2075087141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3080615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1979219927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3698807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3342459940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4088708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1501437088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3361191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2008729105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3696958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3047935772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3446156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1165240409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3801433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3391808577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3466726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2069665232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3277561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1118898906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33580127637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.305514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.057971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.084507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.128205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.007463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.088608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.304735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.362845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.304735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.303762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.362845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91593.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105025.545429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92651.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104104.926128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92014.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104363.133340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98092.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105885.183249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101536.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106520.879239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94563.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105922.537808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93374.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106635.650681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90606.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104293.116118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94841.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104490.474138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99724.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104936.894604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98858.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104253.568907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94793.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105831.547623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98461.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105786.691693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95035.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104713.655046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93695.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106418.614071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91043.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105756.040265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105242.081124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       120459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        92615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91973.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98111.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95154.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106355.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        94700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        93032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       108796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        92340                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101077.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91593.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105025.545429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92651.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104108.326143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92014.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104363.133340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98092.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105883.983088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101536.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106516.508638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94563.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105922.537808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93374.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106633.460483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90606.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104290.226947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94841.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104491.057271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99724.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104936.894604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98858.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104252.081430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94793.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105831.103194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98461.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105786.691693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95035.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104714.537279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93695.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106414.994704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91043.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105756.040265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105241.454686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91593.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105025.545429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92651.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104108.326143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92014.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104363.133340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98092.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105883.983088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 101536.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106516.508638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94563.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105922.537808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93374.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106633.460483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90606.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104290.226947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94841.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104491.057271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99724.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104936.894604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98858.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104252.081430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94793.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105831.103194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98461.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105786.691693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95035.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104714.537279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93695.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106414.994704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91043.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105756.040265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105241.454686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              516.183273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012190734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957815.733075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.183273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12182638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12182638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12182638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7933110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7933110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7933110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7933110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7933110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7933110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155551.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155551.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155551.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155551.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155551.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155551.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6633168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6633168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6633168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157932.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157932.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157932.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157932.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157932.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157932.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166569548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4050.914370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.148231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.851769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8383463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8383463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15439567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15439567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15439567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15439567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16170235995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16170235995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     72718124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72718124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16242954119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16242954119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16242954119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16242954119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8514228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8514228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15571190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15571190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15571190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15571190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123658.746568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123658.746568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84753.058275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84753.058275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123405.135265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123405.135265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123405.135265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123405.135265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4246319762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4246319762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9640735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9640735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4255960497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4255960497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4255960497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4255960497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104291.181894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104291.181894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65583.231293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65583.231293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104151.934439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104151.934439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104151.934439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104151.934439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.587244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              932316603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1661883.427807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.570405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.016839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12171571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12171571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12171571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12171571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12171571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6647482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6647482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6647482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6647482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6647482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6647482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12171613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12171613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12171613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12171613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12171613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12171613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158273.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158273.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158273.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158273.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158273.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158273.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5563523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5563523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5563523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5563523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5563523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5563523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163633.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163633.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163633.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163633.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163633.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163633.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                54429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224697568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                54685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4108.943367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.093725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.906275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.793335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.206665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17872010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17872010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3451466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21323476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21323476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21323476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21323476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       188377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       188704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       188704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       188704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       188704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21436954066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21436954066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30704516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30704516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21467658582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21467658582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21467658582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21467658582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18060387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18060387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3451793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21512180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21512180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21512180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21512180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113798.149806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113798.149806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93897.602446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93897.602446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113763.664692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113763.664692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113763.664692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113763.664692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5682434464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5682434464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5077588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5077588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5687512052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5687512052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5687512052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5687512052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104533.378661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104533.378661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73588.231884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73588.231884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104494.149295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104494.149295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104494.149295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104494.149295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.663821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              932317878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1658928.608541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.505274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.158547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12172846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12172846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12172846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12172846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12172846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12172846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6763941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6763941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6763941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6763941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6763941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6763941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12172887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12172887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12172887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12172887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12172887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12172887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164974.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164974.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164974.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164974.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164974.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164974.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5744303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5744303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5744303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5744303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5744303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5744303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164122.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164122.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164122.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164122.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164122.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164122.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                54376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224693808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                54632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4112.860741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.224777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.775223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.789941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.210059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17868454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17868454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3451259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21319713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21319713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21319713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21319713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       188164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       188494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       188494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       188494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       188494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21452340333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21452340333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29950563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29950563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21482290896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21482290896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21482290896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21482290896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18056618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18056618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3451589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21508207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21508207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21508207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21508207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114008.738829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114008.738829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90759.281818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90759.281818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113968.035566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113968.035566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113968.035566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113968.035566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        54306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        54376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        54376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5682954263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5682954263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4865851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4865851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5687820114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5687820114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5687820114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5687820114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104646.894689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104646.894689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69512.157143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69512.157143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104601.664595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104601.664595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104601.664595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104601.664595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              493.229862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1015377753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2055420.552632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.229862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12278313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12278313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12278313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12278313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12278313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12278313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8612605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8612605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8612605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8612605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8612605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8612605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12278365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12278365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12278365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12278365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12278365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12278365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165627.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165627.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165627.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165627.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165627.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165627.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6590207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6590207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6590207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6590207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168979.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168979.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168979.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168979.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168979.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168979.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164334955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                36540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4497.398878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.434261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.565739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9788325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9788325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7273328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7273328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17061653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17061653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17061653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17061653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        93104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        95249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        95249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10093013157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10093013157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    143910290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143910290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10236923447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10236923447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10236923447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10236923447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9881429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9881429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7275473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17156902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17156902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17156902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17156902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108405.795208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108405.795208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67091.044289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67091.044289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107475.390261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107475.390261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107475.390261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107475.390261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       247591                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 24759.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3597540238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3597540238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15985908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15985908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3613526146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613526146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3613526146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613526146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99723.915121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99723.915121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76487.598086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76487.598086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99590.071271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99590.071271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99590.071271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99590.071271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.596167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013313727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1941214.036398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.596167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11989576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11989576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11989576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11989576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11989576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11989576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8476749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8476749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8476749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8476749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8476749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8476749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11989624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11989624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11989624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11989624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11989624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11989624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176598.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176598.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176598.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176598.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176598.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176598.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6991758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6991758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6991758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6991758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6991758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6991758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174793.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174793.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174793.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174793.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174793.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174793.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                55388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172638429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                55644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3102.552458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.031494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.968506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8459682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8459682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7156729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7156729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17512                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17512                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15616411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15616411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15616411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15616411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       193439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       193439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24901052819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24901052819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    471556029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471556029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25372608848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25372608848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25372608848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25372608848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8649370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7160480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17512                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15809850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15809850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15809850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15809850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131273.738028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131273.738028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125714.750467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125714.750467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131165.943000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131165.943000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131165.943000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131165.943000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       102681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       102681                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       138051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5870055532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5870055532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11156428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11156428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5881211960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881211960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5881211960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5881211960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106285.747198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106285.747198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 70166.213836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70166.213836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106182.060374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106182.060374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106182.060374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106182.060374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              528.235653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1017909163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1920583.326415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.235653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12133838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12133838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12133838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12133838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12133838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12133838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8136411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8136411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8136411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8136411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8136411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8136411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12133889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12133889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12133889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12133889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12133889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12133889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159537.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159537.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159537.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159537.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159537.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159537.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6699557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6699557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6699557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6699557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6699557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6699557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167488.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167488.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167488.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167488.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167488.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167488.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                71542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              181285251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                71798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2524.934552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.155635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.844365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8415406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8415406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6971879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6971879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19466                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19466                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15387285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15387285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15387285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15387285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       181122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       181936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       181936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       181936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       181936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22093741987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22093741987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     69983123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69983123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22163725110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22163725110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22163725110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22163725110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8596528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8596528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6972693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6972693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19466                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19466                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15569221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15569221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121982.652505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121982.652505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85974.352580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85974.352580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121821.547742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121821.547742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121821.547742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121821.547742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       109714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       110394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       110394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7856049475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7856049475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8947225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8947225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7864996700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7864996700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7864996700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7864996700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110016.377367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110016.377367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66770.335821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66770.335821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109935.376422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109935.376422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109935.376422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109935.376422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.780217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013317583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1948687.659615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.780217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.058943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11993432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11993432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11993432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11993432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11993432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11993432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7945083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7945083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7945083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7945083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7945083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7945083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11993481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11993481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11993481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11993481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11993481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11993481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162144.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162144.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162144.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162144.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162144.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162144.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6290600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6290600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6290600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165542.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165542.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165542.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165542.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165542.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165542.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              172645377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3103.458152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.985519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.014481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8464246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8464246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7158926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15623172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15623172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15623172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15623172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       189917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       193686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       193686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       193686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       193686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24867119721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24867119721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    478768546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478768546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25345888267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25345888267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25345888267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25345888267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8654163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8654163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7162695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15816858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15816858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15816858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15816858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130936.776176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130936.776176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127028.003715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127028.003715                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130860.714078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130860.714078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130860.714078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130860.714078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       103413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       103413                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           19231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       134701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5816437419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5816437419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11062561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11062561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5827499980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5827499980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5827499980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5827499980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105339.709849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105339.709849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70016.208861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70016.208861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105238.920432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105238.920432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105238.920432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105238.920432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              558.790682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              932320068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1658932.505338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.671586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.119096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.053961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12175036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12175036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12175036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12175036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12175036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12175036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6531770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6531770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6531770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6531770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6531770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6531770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12175077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12175077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12175077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159311.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159311.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159311.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159311.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159311.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159311.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5643845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5643845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5643845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5643845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5643845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5643845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161252.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161252.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161252.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161252.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161252.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161252.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                54403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              224701323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                54659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4110.966593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   202.252228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    53.747772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.790048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.209952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17875691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17875691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3451544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21327235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       21327235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21327235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      21327235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       188495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       188829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       188829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       188829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       188829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21420259905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21420259905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     29554459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29554459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21449814364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21449814364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21449814364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21449814364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18064186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18064186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3451878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21516064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21516064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21516064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21516064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113638.345341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113638.345341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 88486.404192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88486.404192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113593.856685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113593.856685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113593.856685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113593.856685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5656727982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5656727982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5353229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5353229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5662081211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5662081211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5662081211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5662081211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104114.112898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104114.112898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75397.591549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75397.591549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104076.635682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104076.635682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104076.635682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104076.635682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              579.875111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1042831511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1788733.295026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.785805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.089306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11874746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11874746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11874746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11874746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11874746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11874746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8206456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8206456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8206456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8206456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8206456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8206456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11874798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11874798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11874798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11874798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11874798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11874798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157816.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157816.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157816.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157816.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157816.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157816.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6554247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6554247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6554247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6554247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6554247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6554247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163856.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163856.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163856.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163856.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163856.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163856.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                80699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              450355612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                80955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5563.036403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.899504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.100496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     31144807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31144807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17055673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17055673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8322                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8322                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48200480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       48200480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48200480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      48200480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       285895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       286150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       286150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       286150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       286150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34355946770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34355946770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25210421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25210421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34381157191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34381157191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34381157191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34381157191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     31430702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31430702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17055928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17055928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     48486630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48486630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     48486630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48486630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120169.806293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120169.806293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98864.396078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98864.396078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120150.820168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120150.820168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120150.820168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120150.820168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        80621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        80699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        80699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8931625158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8931625158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6389723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6389723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8938014881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8938014881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8938014881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8938014881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110785.343248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110785.343248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81919.525641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81919.525641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110757.442856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110757.442856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110757.442856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110757.442856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              517.022745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012191313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1954037.283784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    42.022745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.067344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12183217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12183217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12183217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12183217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12183217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12183217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8695779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8695779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8695779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8695779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8695779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8695779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12183269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12183269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12183269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12183269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12183269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12183269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167226.519231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167226.519231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167226.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167226.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167226.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167226.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7248731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7248731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7248731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7248731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7248731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7248731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168575.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168575.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168575.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168575.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168575.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168575.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                40861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166565294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                41117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4051.007953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.148600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.851400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.910737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.089263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8380395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7055193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7055193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15435588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15435588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15435588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15435588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       130749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       131599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       131599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16160884945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16160884945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     73080417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73080417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16233965362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16233965362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16233965362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16233965362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8511144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7056043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15567187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15567187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15567187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15567187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123602.359827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123602.359827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85976.961176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85976.961176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123359.336788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123359.336788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123359.336788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123359.336788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4251479896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4251479896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9730079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9730079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4261209975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4261209975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4261209975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4261209975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104420.481297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104420.481297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66644.376712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66644.376712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104285.503903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104285.503903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104285.503903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104285.503903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.485001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              932317409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1658927.774021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.365877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.119124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12172377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12172377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12172377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12172377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12172377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12172377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7064188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7064188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7064188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7064188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7064188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7064188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12172419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12172419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12172419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12172419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12172419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12172419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168194.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168194.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168194.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168194.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168194.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168194.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6012021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6012021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6012021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171772.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171772.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171772.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171772.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171772.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171772.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                54390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224694114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                54646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4111.812649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.427930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.572070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.790734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.209266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17868810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17868810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3451220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21320030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21320030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21320030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21320030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       188429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       188796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       188796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       188796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       188796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21455052160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21455052160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34082095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34082095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21489134255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21489134255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21489134255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21489134255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18057239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18057239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3451587                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451587                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21508826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21508826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21508826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21508826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113862.792670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113862.792670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92866.743869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92866.743869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113821.978511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113821.978511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113821.978511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113821.978511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       134113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       134406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       134406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        54390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5685044493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5685044493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5255324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5255324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5690299817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5690299817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5690299817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5690299817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104666.111146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104666.111146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71017.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71017.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104620.331256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104620.331256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104620.331256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104620.331256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.770127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1017905118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1920575.694340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.770127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12129793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12129793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12129793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12129793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12129793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12129793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8142340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8142340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8142340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8142340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8142340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8142340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12129845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12129845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12129845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12129845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12129845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12129845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156583.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156583.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156583.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156583.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156583.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156583.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6545525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6545525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6545525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6545525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6545525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6545525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163638.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163638.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163638.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163638.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163638.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163638.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                71515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              181283157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                71771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2525.855248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.162601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.837399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8414423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8414423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6970777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6970777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15385200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15385200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15385200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15385200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       180733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       181547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       181547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       181547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       181547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22113358033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22113358033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     70938495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70938495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22184296528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22184296528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22184296528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22184296528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8595156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8595156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6971591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6971591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15566747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15566747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15566747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15566747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122353.737464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122353.737464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87148.028256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87148.028256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122195.886068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122195.886068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122195.886068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122195.886068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       109352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       110032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       110032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7885392682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7885392682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9132737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9132737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7894525419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7894525419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7894525419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7894525419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110469.069949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110469.069949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68154.753731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68154.753731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110389.784227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110389.784227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110389.784227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110389.784227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.375623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015378930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2063778.313008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.375623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12279490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12279490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12279490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12279490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12279490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12279490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8521247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8521247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8521247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8521247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8521247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8521247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12279543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12279543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12279543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12279543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12279543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12279543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160778.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160778.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160778.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160778.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160778.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160778.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6282339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6282339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6282339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169792.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169792.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169792.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169792.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169792.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169792.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164335023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4500.110165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.433110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.566890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9788529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9788529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7273179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7273179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17061708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17061708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17061708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17061708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        93081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        95140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        95140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10059635842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10059635842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    135489196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135489196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10195125038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10195125038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10195125038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10195125038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9881610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9881610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7275238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17156848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17156848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17156848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17156848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108073.998367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108073.998367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65803.397766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65803.397766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107159.186861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107159.186861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107159.186861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107159.186861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3193.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3591941845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3591941845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15675049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15675049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3607616894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3607616894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3607616894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3607616894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99626.722278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99626.722278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75360.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75360.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99487.532238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99487.532238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99487.532238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99487.532238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              580.789141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1042824781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1785658.871575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.738368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.050773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11868016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11868016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11868016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11868016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11868016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11868016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8303757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8303757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8303757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8303757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8303757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8303757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11868067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11868067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11868067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11868067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11868067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11868067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162818.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162818.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162818.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162818.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162818.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162818.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6686137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6686137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6686137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6686137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163076.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163076.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163076.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163076.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163076.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163076.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                80629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              450341871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                80885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5567.680917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.899695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.100305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31136103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31136103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17050640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17050640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8332                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8332                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     48186743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       48186743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     48186743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      48186743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       285744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       286006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       286006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       286006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       286006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34432250404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34432250404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25332239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25332239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34457582643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34457582643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34457582643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34457582643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     31421847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31421847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17050902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17050902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8332                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     48472749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48472749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     48472749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48472749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120500.344378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120500.344378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96687.935115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96687.935115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120478.530671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120478.530671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120478.530671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120478.530671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           13718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8973232239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8973232239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6252315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8979484554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8979484554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8979484554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8979484554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111399.531210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111399.531210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79143.227848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79143.227848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111367.926602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111367.926602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111367.926602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111367.926602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.551125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013320451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1948693.175000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.551125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11996300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11996300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11996300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11996300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11996300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11996300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7765540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7765540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7765540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7765540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7765540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7765540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11996348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11996348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11996348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11996348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11996348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11996348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161782.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161782.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161782.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161782.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161782.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161782.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6256139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6256139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6256139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6256139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6256139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6256139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164635.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164635.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164635.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164635.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164635.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164635.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172649102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3098.456632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.031295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.968705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8465708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8465708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7161387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7161387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15627095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15627095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15627095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15627095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       193515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       193515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       193515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       193515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24623909954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24623909954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    478870963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478870963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25102780917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25102780917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25102780917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25102780917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8655444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8655444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7165166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7165166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15820610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15820610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15820610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15820610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129779.851762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129779.851762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126718.963482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126718.963482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129720.078118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129720.078118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129720.078118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129720.078118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           18444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       138050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5816936402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5816936402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11077274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11077274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5828013676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5828013676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5828013676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5828013676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105175.410020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105175.410020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70109.329114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70109.329114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105075.519264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105075.519264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105075.519264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105075.519264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              492.257163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1015384286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2059603.014199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.257163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12284846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12284846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12284846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12284846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12284846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12284846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7876962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7876962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7876962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7876962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7876962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7876962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12284894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12284894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12284894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12284894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12284894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12284894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164103.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164103.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164103.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164103.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164103.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164103.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6282502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6282502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6282502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6282502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6282502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6282502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       165329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       165329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       165329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164342291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                36537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4497.968936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.433144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.566856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9792536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9792536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7276495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7276495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17069031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17069031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17069031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17069031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        93109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2165                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2165                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        95274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        95274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9910610390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9910610390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145374243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145374243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10055984633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10055984633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10055984633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10055984633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9885645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9885645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7278660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7278660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17164305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17164305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17164305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17164305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106440.949747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106440.949747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67147.456351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67147.456351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105548.047033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105548.047033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105548.047033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105548.047033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       196280                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 21808.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3545528420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3545528420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16290775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16290775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3561819195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561819195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3561819195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561819195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98295.769892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98295.769892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77207.464455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77207.464455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98173.126292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98173.126292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98173.126292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98173.126292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
