
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1064843277                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400561557675                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 410052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   542295                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37627                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28300.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11604561394                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347040999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        18560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        77440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        35328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        28032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               516864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       150784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            150784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3245548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17429795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2764726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     72724317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1682877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     33176713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1682877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33056508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3245548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16107535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3005137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14424658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1803082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     26926028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1803082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25844179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1803082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     26204795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1682877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20555138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1803082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     26325001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1803082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25723973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3485959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17189384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1682877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     31253425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1682877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     31854453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1682877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     31734247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               485389739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3245548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2764726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1682877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1682877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3245548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3005137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1803082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1803082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1803082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1682877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1803082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1803082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3485959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1682877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1682877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1682877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           34859590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         141602058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              141602058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         141602058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3245548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17429795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2764726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     72724317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1682877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     33176713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1682877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33056508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3245548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16107535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3005137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14424658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1803082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     26926028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1803082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25844179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1803082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     26204795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1682877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20555138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1803082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     26325001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1803082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25723973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3485959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17189384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1682877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     31253425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1682877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     31854453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1682877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     31734247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              626991797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210794                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80702                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019185                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1179278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210794                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        46541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22143                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2104948     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11401      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17790      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23638      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21179      0.90%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11521      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17867      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116339      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2349806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1998847                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        67349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244234                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39012                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34300                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1445752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39012                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2004865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        40781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1444153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2015898                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6715548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6715548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         300664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72306                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358301                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767766     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245610     10.45%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122675      5.22%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86567      3.68%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69315      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28908      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18181      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9518      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1266      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.79%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          900     36.76%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142775     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20202      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123204      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71952      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358301                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531920                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2448                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619401                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2638                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39012                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10935                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441206                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72306                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13173                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25375                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187523                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335577                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          768339                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2071710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1798881     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257319     11.14%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93786      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44646      1.93%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42320      1.83%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22225      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16589      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8550      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26478      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3725507                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2921433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                203776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.553582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.553582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6018959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1862580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338970                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         198242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79726                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1173353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            198242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        95071                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              240582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         66726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        63858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2032339     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12743      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20118      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          30234      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12716      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14871      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15355      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          11132      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         123413      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2272921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077633                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1898932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        89411                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          238829                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44376                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        32246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          367                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1421827                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44376                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1903838                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         40672                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        33411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1418662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1485                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1939487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6613450                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6613450                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1592167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         347314                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           43931                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       144265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        79696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4123                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15688                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1413768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511472                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1711793     75.31%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227039      9.99%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126079      5.55%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82808      3.64%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75477      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23384      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16784      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5783      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3774      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           364     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1436     42.93%     53.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     46.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1084374     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24240      1.84%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131133      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77933      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.516070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002538                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4913948                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1636571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1321171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6187                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1063                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44376                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         29387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          981                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13229                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1298111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       124135                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             201903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         176117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            77768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.508349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1293011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1292875                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          765176                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1940142                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.506299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       954658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1164263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2228545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1756654     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224565     10.08%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93513      4.20%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47733      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35591      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20372      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12598      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10491      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27028      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2228545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       954658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1164263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               187132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              113091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           161774                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1052495                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27028                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3616691                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2874770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 34811                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                280661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            954658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1164263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       954658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.674866                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.674866                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5892476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1765751                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1347979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200163                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69877                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10809                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2100953                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1257300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        80686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              247967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        45448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2420444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2172477     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8654      0.36%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18430      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7202      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          40471      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          36327      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6887      0.28%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14899      0.62%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         115097      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2420444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.492367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2089073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        57733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1474077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2091793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         39481                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        11065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          245094                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7107                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1472150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1737853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6929035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6929035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1506916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         230936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       343616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       172645                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466969                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          930                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2420444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.375692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1922858     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148621      6.14%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122889      5.08%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52888      2.19%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67119      2.77%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64410      2.66%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36804      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3012      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1843      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2420444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3533     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27272     86.24%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          818      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       882819     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12257      0.88%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332980     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172101     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.548344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31623                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022584                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5253479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1386821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2520                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1503                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         35881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172645                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6377                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             503780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         181782                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           172061                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.544082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1386952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1386821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          750776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1484865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2394546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917680     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174401      7.28%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81736      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80626      3.37%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21796      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93514      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7166      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5149      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12478      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2394546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1117516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1313368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               498366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              327224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173463                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1167955                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12760                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3849318                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2960410                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47234                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                133138                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1117516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1313368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1117516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.285052                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.285052                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.437627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.437627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6860261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1616559                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1745947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2553577                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         200251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69686                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2101629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1257692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            200251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        80532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              248040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         38423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        45370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          122186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2421034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2172994     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8679      0.36%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18285      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           7286      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          40595      1.68%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          36273      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6849      0.28%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          14828      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         115245      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2421034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.078420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.492522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2089920                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        57509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          247017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        25817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17818                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1474650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        25817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2092661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         38696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        11596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          245113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         7145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1472638                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1737571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6931038                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6931038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1508088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         229483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           20284                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       343723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       172672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8494                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1467398                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          909                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131559                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2421034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.375639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923165     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148828      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122756      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52972      2.19%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67270      2.78%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64437      2.66%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36776      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2990      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1840      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2421034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3593     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27289     86.09%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          817      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883290     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12259      0.88%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333043     23.77%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172151     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.548574                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31699                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022629                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5255296                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1387311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16431                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        25817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         35104                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1467574                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1157                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        13902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             503937                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         181932                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           172119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.544300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1387428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1387311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          750619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1484772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.543281                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1118189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1314191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        12217                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1918164     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174574      7.29%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81675      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80512      3.36%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21918      0.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93434      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7239      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5153      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12548      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1118189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1314191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               498472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              327292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           173589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1168685                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        12548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3850348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2961190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 47222                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                132543                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1118189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1314191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1118189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.283672                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.283672                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.437891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.437891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6862112                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1616633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1746394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210795                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87087                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80968                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21277                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1178534                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210795                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       102245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              244947                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        43881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          125344                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2106012     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11383      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17879      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23829      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25240      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21191      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11478      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17811      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         116136      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2350959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2002716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        64673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          244303                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1444731                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2008724                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        38681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          238687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1443117                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2014699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6710440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1716522                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         298177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       136206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        72198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        28048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439822                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358276                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       427512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767858     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247152     10.51%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122371      5.21%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86605      3.68%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69146      2.94%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28960      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18155      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9443      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1269      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           314     12.87%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          891     36.52%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142730     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20194      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123308      9.08%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71876      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358276                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531910                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5070254                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616110                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335672                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1252                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337819                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             187536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         189745                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1335771                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1335672                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          768209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2070546                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       208777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1799284     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257998     11.16%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93726      4.05%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45284      1.96%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41863      1.81%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22283      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16569      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8726      0.38%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26342      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1000756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1231401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               182493                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111547                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           177547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1109495                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3725898                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2919248                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                202623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1000756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1231401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1000756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.551653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.551653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6019497                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1862686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1338254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         230706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1998043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1265098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            230706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       106449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              262682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        67537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2369570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2106888     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15804      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20109      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32161      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13138      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17130      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19993      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9422      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         134925      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2369570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.495421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1986294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        80622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          261397                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34790                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1545789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1988772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        68280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          259052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1536002                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2146192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7138437                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7138437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1759765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         386426                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       145479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          863                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16816                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424639                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203437                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2369570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767311     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273833     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112043      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63626      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84752      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27047      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26218      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13629      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1111      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2369570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10041     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1408     11.05%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1295     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200280     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19267      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131131      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73787      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424639                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.557898                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12744                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701372                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497916                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          580                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             202147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         197083                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.547616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1385384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1385346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          829719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2231646                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.542511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1261324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22645                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2328479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794311     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       271032     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98317      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48634      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44658      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18898      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18744      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8910      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24975      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2328479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1023654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1261324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               187070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              114409                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           182807                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1135620                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3801411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3036938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32367                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                184012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1023654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1261324                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1023654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.494575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.494575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.400870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.400870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6289718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1938050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1427498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         195760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128095                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040982                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1109517                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            195760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       134911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              246599                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         55417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        34446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          124613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2113748     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37153      1.57%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19159      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          36001      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11758      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          33438      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5267      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8992      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          94831      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2360347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.076661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.434494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1976028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       100104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          245966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37972                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        19265                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1246760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37972                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1983312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         65979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          240034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        19292                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1244144                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        17352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1638015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5643810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5643810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1303256                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         334749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           34600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       219271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        36721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236038                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854785     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166568      7.06%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161187      6.83%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97528      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51013      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13332      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15270      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          363      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          301      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2076     57.81%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          853     23.75%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904746     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9224      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198453     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36301      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.449881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3591                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003126                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4662637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1474032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37972                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         33967                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2290                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           82                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17943                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             231407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         171654                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            36290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443307                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1118159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1117756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          676440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1491616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437721                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.453495                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       995991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1950135     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147139      6.34%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93931      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29222      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48691      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9779      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6318      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5523      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31637      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       881970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       995991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               208022                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              172448                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           152909                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          870793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3527002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2510533                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 45186                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                193235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            881970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              995991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       881970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.895316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.895316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.345385                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.345385                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5251457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1462619                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1312829                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123104                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2043252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1110059                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       134974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              246708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         55503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        33799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          124772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2115404     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          37172      1.57%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19167      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          36018      1.52%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11766      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          33433      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5306      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9008      0.38%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          94838      4.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2362112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076697                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.434707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1976971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       100778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          246087                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        38005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        19284                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1247303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        38005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1984392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         66378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13667                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          240047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        19622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1244701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        17687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1639021                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5646157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5646157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1303635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         335360                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       219289                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        36665                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1149317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1128                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498575                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1856154     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166972      7.07%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161073      6.82%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97592      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51096      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13286      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15268      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          367      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          304      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2101     58.26%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          844     23.41%     81.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          661     18.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905224     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9219      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198528     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36263      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1149317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.450080                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3606                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003138                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4665478                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1474700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          922                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1091                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        38005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         33586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2324                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219289                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36665                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7715                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        18001                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132490                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             231460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171708                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            36255                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.443491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1118573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1118203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          676597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1491772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437896                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.453553                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       996312                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2324107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1951772     83.98%     83.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147208      6.33%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93922      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29171      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48756      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9778      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6316      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5535      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31649      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2324107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       882291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       996312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               208117                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              172543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           152963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          871060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3529213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2511561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45138                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                191470                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            882291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              996312                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       882291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.894263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.894263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.345511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.345511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5253612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1463363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1313402                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17014                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1108759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       134976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              246521                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        34200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2113621     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          37212      1.58%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19141      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          35988      1.52%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11751      0.50%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          33441      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5314      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8978      0.38%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          94696      4.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2360142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.434198                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1974106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       102014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          245894                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1245877                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1981588                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         67354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13730                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          239835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        19780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1243278                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        17859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1637234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5639388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5639388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1303439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         333779                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           35205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       218928                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36645                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235112                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236720                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854369     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167071      7.08%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160977      6.82%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97646      4.14%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50887      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13274      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15258      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2078     57.98%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          847     23.63%     81.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          659     18.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904537     78.77%     78.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9215      0.80%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198271     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36246      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.449702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3584                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4661548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         34195                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2366                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           89                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218928                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36645                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          426                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10301                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17949                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             231177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            36238                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.443154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1117836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1117484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          676056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1490204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437614                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.453667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       996146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239190                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1950011     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147215      6.34%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93920      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29102      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48743      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9798      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6313      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5543      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31643      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       882125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       996146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               208067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              172493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           152935                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          870922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3525981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2508566                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45084                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                193440                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            882125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              996146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       882125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.894807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.894807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.345446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.345446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5249536                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1462527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1311964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         208208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170533                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79210                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21109                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989951                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1188896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            208208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       100319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              259992                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         63385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        59205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21791                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2090155     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27618      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32089      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17595      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          20052      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11468      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7678      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20400      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123092      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2350147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.465580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1973716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        76031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          257717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33826                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1451143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1977205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         14894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        52147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          256306                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1449292                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2016734                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6747639                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6747639                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1690474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         326251                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       139248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16347                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       465082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779856     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228352      9.72%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123477      5.25%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85397      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74808      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38249      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9452      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6080      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4476      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1442     46.26%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     42.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136217     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21207      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125545      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73920      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531432                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445825                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          719                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             191168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         186006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            73878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1332205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1332124                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          792738                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2078939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521669                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381319                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1812057     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230767      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97001      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57486      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40177      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26063      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13774      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10799      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21380      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       992508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1217527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               184183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111842                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           174240                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1097652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3733955                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2932311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32179                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                203435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            992508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1217527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       992508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.572858                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.572858                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.388673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.388673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6020202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1852060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1352093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128149                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122974                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11856                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1108823                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       134830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              246484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         55349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        34340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124612                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2113522     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          37123      1.57%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19109      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          35996      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11818      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33431      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5270      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8963      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94774      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2360006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1977616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        98370                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          245860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1246201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1984726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          240072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        18823                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1243627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        16912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1637559                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5641491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5641491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1303233                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         334313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           33795                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       219098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        36707                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235516                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237299                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854730     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166282      7.05%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161273      6.83%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97531      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51020      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13214      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15293      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          363      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2071     57.82%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          849     23.70%     81.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904393     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9222      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198280     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36292      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.449670                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003119                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4661213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117353                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1133                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         33576                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2246                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           87                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36707                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          434                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195000                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             231283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171602                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1117742                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1117353                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          676060                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1490765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.453499                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       995972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949963     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147063      6.33%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93924      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29197      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48708      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9735      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6354      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5537      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31635      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       881951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       995972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               208016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              172442                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           152907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          870776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        31635                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3526218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2509399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 45214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                193576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            881951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              995972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       881951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.895379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.895379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.345378                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.345378                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5249407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1462261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1312039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195778                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123108                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          567                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2042268                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1109682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       134962                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              246659                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         55401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        33129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          124694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2113670     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          37160      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19186      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          36018      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11762      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          33454      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5290      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8972      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          94817      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2360329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076668                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.434559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1975884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       100215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          246035                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1246870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1983313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         65977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13506                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          240012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        19595                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1244305                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        17662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1638507                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5644271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5644271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1303793                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         334698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           34955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       219188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1149054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1100                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854434     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166910      7.07%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161093      6.83%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97666      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51032      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13304      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15224      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          360      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          306      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2088     57.98%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     23.63%     81.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904987     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9217      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198500     17.28%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36267      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1149054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.449977                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003134                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663138                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473696                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          922                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         33139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           84                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             231423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         171686                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            36259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443405                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1118379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1118012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          676522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1491484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.453590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       996445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949986     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147222      6.34%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93984      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29183      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48757      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9774      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6321      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5534      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31643      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       882424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       996445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               208156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              172582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           152984                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          871172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3527114                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2510668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                193253                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            882424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              996445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       882424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.893827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.893827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.345563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.345563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5252670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1463095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1313012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210718                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86546                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1031                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019491                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1179071                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210718                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       102074                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              244868                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        45372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2104186     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11333      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17885      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23689      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25150      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21287      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11409      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17787      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116328      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2349054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1999178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        66143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          244229                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34383                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1445441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2005204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        39744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          238601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12924                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1443878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2014460                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6714152                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6714152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1713790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         300666                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           40740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       136206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776639     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234327      9.98%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118975      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89967      3.83%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71292      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28852      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18233      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9507      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1262      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     13.18%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          900     36.50%     49.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1241     50.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142378     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20204      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122963      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71936      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5067118                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335111                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2652                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337286                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115495                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             187411                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         189448                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523690                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1335201                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1335111                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          767899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2070964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211456                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1806061     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249717     10.81%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94412      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44673      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37561      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21985      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19548      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8457      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27526      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       999173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1229424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               182200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111363                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           177261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1107692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25310                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3723281                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2920888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32529                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                204528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            999173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1229424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       999173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.555696                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.555696                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6016913                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1861142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1338668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         200362                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79468                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69737                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2101092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1258814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            200362                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        80632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              248233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         38798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        43535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2419187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2170954     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8709      0.36%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18243      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7341      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          40606      1.68%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          36285      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6872      0.28%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14762      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115415      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2419187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.492960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2089351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        55689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          247211                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          780                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        26150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1475988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        26150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2092060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         36591                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        11937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          245365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1474001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1739593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6937551                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6937551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1506642                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         232951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       343939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       172727                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1468842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134061                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2419187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1921738     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148397      6.13%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122699      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52770      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67329      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64622      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36804      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3002      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1826      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2419187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3564     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27339     86.18%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          819      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883453     63.06%     63.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12292      0.88%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332990     23.77%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172158     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.548632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022643                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5253790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1603126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1387426                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16729                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1596                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        26150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         32997                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1469017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172727                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13964                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1389958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             503851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         181863                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           172122                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.544317                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1387539                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1387426                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          750844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1485502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505448                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1916501     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174236      7.28%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81582      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80439      3.36%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21947      0.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93471      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7222      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5128      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12511      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1117359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1313176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               498341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              327210                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           173440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1167777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3849658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2964429                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 47303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                134395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1117359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1313176                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1117359                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.285373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.285373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.437565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.437565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6862526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1617033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1747522                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         200735                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180769                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10871                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          514                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1260550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            200735                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        80483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         38631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        45173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          122241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2421767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2173406     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           8531      0.35%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18327      0.76%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           7287      0.30%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          40565      1.68%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          36263      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6808      0.28%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          15002      0.62%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         115578      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2421767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.078609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.493640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2090204                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        57444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          247360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        26007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1478087                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        26007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2093036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         38143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        12003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          245371                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7201                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1476111                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         2878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1743210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6946766                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6946766                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1510457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         232749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           20776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       343869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       172771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          892                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133554                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2421767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923614     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148555      6.13%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122846      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53055      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67399      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64473      2.66%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36976      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3016      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1833      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2421767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3569     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27308     86.16%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          816      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885377     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12293      0.88%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333011     23.74%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172240     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.549426                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31693                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022589                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5260362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1604624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1389322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2495                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        26007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         34522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1771                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1471022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7691                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        13968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1391869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             503976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           172209                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.545065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1389436                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1389322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          752150                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1489618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.544068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.504928                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1119568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1315926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        12235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1918158     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174658      7.29%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81865      3.42%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80717      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21868      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93476      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7219      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5171      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12628      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1119568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1315926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               498752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              327459                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           173824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1170261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        12628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3854241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2968241                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 47209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                131815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1119568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1315926                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1119568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.280864                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.280864                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.438430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.438430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6870429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1620213                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1749312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2553582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         200508                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180517                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12268                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76210                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69522                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10872                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          541                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2102049                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1258976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            200508                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        80394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              248049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        46080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2422455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.610461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2174406     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8515      0.35%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18370      0.76%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7181      0.30%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          40557      1.67%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          36323      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6880      0.28%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14890      0.61%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         115333      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2422455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.078520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.493024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2089940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        58606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          247049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        26098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17820                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          179                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1475830                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1096                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        26098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2092772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         40274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        10964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          245058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1473942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         2904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1740545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6936475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6936475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1507730                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         232815                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           20948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       343563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       172658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1679                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8492                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1468946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2422455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1924784     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148412      6.13%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122736      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52778      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67470      2.79%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64500      2.66%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36974      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2954      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1847      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2422455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3578     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27309     86.13%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          819      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884567     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12277      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       332855     23.74%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172113     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.548992                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022617                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5258838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1602125                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1388095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        26098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36594                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1469119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6303                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        14116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1390588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             503697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         182025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           172078                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.544564                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1388200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1388095                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          751337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1486447                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.543587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505458                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1117980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1919386     80.10%     80.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174472      7.28%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81697      3.41%     90.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80594      3.36%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21811      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93504      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7250      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5120      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12523      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1117980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1313936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               498439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              327269                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           173548                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1168461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12770                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3853065                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2964570                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 47282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                131127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1117980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1313936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1117980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.284103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.284103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.437809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.437809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6864666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1618794                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1747543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4038                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32758.278096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           662974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.018536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           745.267434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.802551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    74.403389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.044479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   277.735248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.056151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   122.147269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.310090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   126.288685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.813659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    69.160476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.706466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    58.822650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.891314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   103.570265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.890114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    99.608229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.889794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   104.954850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.774743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    74.980574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.888523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   104.647854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.890127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   104.805527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.068608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    71.694670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.382601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   116.991870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.360531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   122.193930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.276224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   120.165632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1298.458827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          3107.236939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2111.834380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2074.068050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1344.961665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1087.812925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1978.673912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1989.233592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1916.170321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1653.388789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1904.088990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1924.705901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1297.536189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2117.943385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2090.096757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2118.582948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.022744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.039626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.094825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.064448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.063296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.033197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.060384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.060707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.058477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.050457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.058108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.058737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.039598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.064635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.063785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.064654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2011                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2011                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4230914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22095354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3442950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83173484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2372581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42378916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2194638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42205189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4200264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20187453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3654129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18556732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2355115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33966408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2501984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31825660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2369096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32799203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2115631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25521666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2521887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32909273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2445679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32028749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4414525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21719613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2232973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39442093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2288916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40364474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2178455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40426631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       605120635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8433409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8433409                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4230914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22095354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3442950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91606893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2372581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42378916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2194638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42205189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4200264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20187453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3654129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18556732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2355115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33966408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2501984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31825660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2369096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32799203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2115631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25521666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2521887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32909273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2445679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32028749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4414525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21719613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2232973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39442093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2288916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40364474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2178455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40426631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        613554044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4230914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22095354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3442950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91606893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2372581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42378916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2194638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42205189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4200264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20187453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3654129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     18556732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2355115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33966408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2501984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31825660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2369096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32799203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2115631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25521666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2521887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32909273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2445679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32028749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4414525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21719613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2232973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     39442093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2288916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40364474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2178455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40426631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       613554044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2011                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2011                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.426901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.405458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.949153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.788732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.332506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.426901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.408209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.332506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.426901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.408209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156700.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152381.751724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149693.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151499.970856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169470.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153546.797101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156759.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153473.414545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155565.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150652.634328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146165.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154639.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157007.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151635.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166798.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148026.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157939.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150455.059633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151116.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149249.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168125.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150270.652968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163045.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149667.051402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       152225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151885.405594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159498.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151700.357692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       163494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152318.769811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155603.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153131.178030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151963.996735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150596.589286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150596.589286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156700.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152381.751724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149693.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151416.352066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169470.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153546.797101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156759.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153473.414545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155565.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150652.634328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146165.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154639.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157007.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151635.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166798.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148026.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157939.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150455.059633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151116.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149249.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168125.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150270.652968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163045.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149667.051402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       152225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151885.405594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159498.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151700.357692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       163494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152318.769811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155603.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153131.178030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151945.033185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156700.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152381.751724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149693.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151416.352066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169470.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153546.797101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156759.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153473.414545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155565.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150652.634328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146165.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154639.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157007.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151635.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166798.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148026.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157939.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150455.059633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151116.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149249.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168125.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150270.652968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163045.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149667.051402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       152225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151885.405594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159498.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151700.357692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       163494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152318.769811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155603.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153131.178030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151945.033185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1178                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1178                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2661597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13653702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2103689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51213435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1558336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26327613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1381071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26225956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2631471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12386672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2198431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11571783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1483432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20920846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1632572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19300582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1496366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20099599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1300678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15559731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1651477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20154486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1574206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19570629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2732216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13394992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1418113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24327019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1474456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24949425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1364586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25087786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373406953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5169877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5169877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2661597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13653702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2103689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56383312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1558336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26327613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1381071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26225956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2631471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12386672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2198431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11571783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1483432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20920846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1632572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19300582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1496366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20099599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1300678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15559731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1651477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20154486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1574206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19570629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2732216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13394992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1418113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24327019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1474456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24949425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1364586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25087786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378576830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2661597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13653702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2103689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56383312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1558336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26327613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1381071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26225956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2631471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12386672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2198431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11571783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1483432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20920846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1632572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19300582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1496366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20099599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1300678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15559731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1651477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20154486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1574206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19570629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2732216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13394992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1418113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24327019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1474456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24949425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1364586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25087786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    378576830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.514045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.426901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.405458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.949153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.332506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.426901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.408209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.364116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.332506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.432432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.417476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.426901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.414729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.408209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98577.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94163.462069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91464.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93284.945355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111309.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95389.902174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98647.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95367.112727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97461.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92437.850746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87937.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96431.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98895.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93396.633929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108838.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89770.148837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99757.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92199.995413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92905.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90992.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 110098.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92029.616438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104947.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91451.537383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94214.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93671.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101293.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93565.457692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 105318.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94148.773585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97470.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95029.492424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93773.719990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92319.232143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92319.232143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98577.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94163.462069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91464.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93195.557025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111309.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95389.902174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98647.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95367.112727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97461.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92437.850746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87937.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96431.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98895.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93396.633929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108838.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89770.148837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99757.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92199.995413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92905.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90992.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 110098.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92029.616438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104947.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91451.537383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94214.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93671.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101293.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93565.457692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 105318.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94148.773585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97470.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95029.492424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93753.548787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98577.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94163.462069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91464.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93195.557025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111309.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95389.902174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98647.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95367.112727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97461.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92437.850746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87937.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96431.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98895.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93396.633929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108838.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89770.148837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99757.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92199.995413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92905.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90992.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 110098.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92029.616438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 104947.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91451.537383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94214.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93671.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101293.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93565.457692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 105318.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94148.773585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97470.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95029.492424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93753.548787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.061711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488359.220238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.061711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5796154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5796154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5796154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5796154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5796154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5796154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165604.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165604.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165604.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165604.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165604.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165604.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4994729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4994729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4994729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4994729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4994729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4994729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172232.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172232.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172232.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172232.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172232.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172232.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.531108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.842110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.157890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    151870151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151870151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1159484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1159484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153029635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153029635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153029635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153029635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121012.072510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121012.072510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82820.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82820.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120590.728920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120590.728920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120590.728920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120590.728920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41521995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41521995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41714295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41714295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41714295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41714295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103804.987500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103804.987500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103509.416873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103509.416873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103509.416873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103509.416873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.498116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753891470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1466714.922179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.498116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.028042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4366900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4366900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4366900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4366900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4366900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4366900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155960.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155960.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155960.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155960.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155960.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155960.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3735686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3735686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3735686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3735686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3735686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3735686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155653.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155653.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155653.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155653.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155653.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155653.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125626348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             90836.115691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   189.854463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    66.145537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.741619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.258381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        91279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         164470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        164470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    332668766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332668766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     77268477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77268477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    409937243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    409937243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    409937243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    409937243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       167462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       167462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130817.446323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130817.446323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 172090.149220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172090.149220                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 137011.110628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137011.110628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 137011.110628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137011.110628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    125061197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125061197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9160134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9160134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134221331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134221331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134221331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134221331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117098.499064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117098.499064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 155256.508475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155256.508475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119096.123336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119096.123336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119096.123336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119096.123336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.055359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769306894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381161.389587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.055359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3042009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3042009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3042009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3042009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3042009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3042009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178941.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178941.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178941.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178941.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178941.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178941.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2541120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2541120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2541120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2541120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2541120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2541120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 181508.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181508.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 181508.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181508.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 181508.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181508.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289563596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             285565.676529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.193014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.806986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.395285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.604715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       313169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       484143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         484143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       484143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        484143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310986013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310986013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310986013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    310986013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310986013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    310986013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       315838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       486812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116517.801798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116517.801798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116517.801798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116517.801798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116517.801798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116517.801798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     81708087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81708087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     81708087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81708087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     81708087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81708087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107794.310026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107794.310026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107794.310026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107794.310026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107794.310026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107794.310026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.309262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              769306886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1381161.375224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.309262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         122169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        122169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2904984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2904984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2904984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2904984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2904984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2904984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       122186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       122186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170881.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170881.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170881.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170881.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170881.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170881.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2384499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2384499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2384499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2384499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2384499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2384499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170321.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170321.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170321.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170321.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170321.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170321.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              289563674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             284164.547596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   101.288789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   154.711211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.395659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.604341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       313209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       171012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       484221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         484221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       484221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        484221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    311354958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311354958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    311354958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    311354958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    311354958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    311354958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       315936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       486948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       486948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114174.902090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114174.902090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114174.902090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114174.902090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114174.902090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114174.902090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     82158118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82158118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     82158118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82158118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     82158118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82158118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107677.743119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107677.743119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107677.743119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107677.743119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107677.743119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107677.743119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              498.074521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750133272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1488359.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.074521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         125308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        125308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5817468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5817468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5817468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5817468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5817468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5817468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       125344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       125344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161596.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161596.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161596.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161596.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161596.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161596.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4844734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4844734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4844734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167059.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167059.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167059.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167059.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167059.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167059.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113322782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             171961.732929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   143.924655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   112.075345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.562206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.437794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        85018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        70606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149641279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149641279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1413992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1413992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151055271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151055271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151055271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151055271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        86283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118293.501186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118293.501186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100999.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100999.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118104.199375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118104.199375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118104.199375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118104.199375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     39828912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39828912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       226527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       226527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     40055439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40055439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     40055439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40055439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99572.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99572.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        75509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99393.148883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99393.148883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99393.148883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99393.148883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              466.953482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753575021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1563433.653527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.953482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5243657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5243657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5243657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5243657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5243657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5243657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145657.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145657.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145657.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145657.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 145657.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145657.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4057087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4057087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4057087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4057087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4057087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4057087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150262.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150262.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150262.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150262.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150262.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150262.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109420838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             168599.134052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   141.544511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   114.455489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.552908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.447092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        98454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         170744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        170744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106880211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106880211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1057656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1057656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    107937867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107937867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    107937867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107937867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        99454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106880.211000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106880.211000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        88138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        88138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106657.971344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106657.971344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106657.971344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106657.971344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38048373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38048373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38256880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38256880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38256880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38256880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97559.930769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97559.930769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69502.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69502.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97345.750636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97345.750636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97345.750636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97345.750636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              539.890481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              647141668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1196195.319778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.890481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         124596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        124596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2826658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2826658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2826658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2826658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2826658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2826658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       124613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       124613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       166274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       166274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       166274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       166274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       166274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       166274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2509954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2509954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2509954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167330.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167330.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167330.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167330.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167330.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167330.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151389719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             195593.952196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   132.174219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   123.825781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.516306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.483694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       177522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       212931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         212931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       212931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        212931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    216646440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216646440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    216646440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216646440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    216646440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216646440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       214827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       214827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       114265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       114265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       114265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       114265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       114265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       114265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56516019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56516019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56516019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56516019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56516019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56516019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109104.283784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109104.283784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109104.283784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109104.283784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109104.283784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109104.283784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              539.889280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              647141827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1196195.613678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.889280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         124755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        124755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3071254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3071254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3071254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3071254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3071254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3071254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       124772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       124772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       180662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       180662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       180662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       180662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       180662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       180662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2655782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2655782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2655782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2655782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2655782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2655782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177052.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177052.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177052.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177052.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177052.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177052.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151389887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             196355.236057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   132.194014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   123.805986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.516383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.483617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       177690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       213099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         213099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       213099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        213099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210422753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210422753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210422753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210422753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    210422753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210422753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       214984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       214984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111630.107692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111630.107692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111630.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111630.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111630.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111630.107692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54959609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54959609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54959609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54959609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54959609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54959609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106717.687379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106717.687379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106717.687379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106717.687379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106717.687379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106717.687379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.888957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647141687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196195.354898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.888957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2918675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2918675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2918675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2918675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2918675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2918675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171686.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171686.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171686.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171686.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171686.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171686.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2530440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2530440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2530440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2530440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2530440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2530440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       168696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       168696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       168696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151389659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             196609.946753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   132.144484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   123.855516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.516189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.483811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       177462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         212871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        212871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213925934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213925934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213925934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    213925934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    213925934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    213925934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113488.559151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113488.559151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113488.559151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113488.559151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113488.559151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113488.559151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55829222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55829222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55829222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55829222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55829222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55829222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108617.163424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108617.163424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108617.163424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108617.163424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108617.163424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108617.163424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.773963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750707798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1513523.786290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.773963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2762097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2762097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2762097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2762097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2762097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2762097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145373.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145373.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145373.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145373.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145373.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145373.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2253411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2253411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2253411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160957.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160957.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160957.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160957.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160957.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160957.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118290325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             157720.433333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   160.855414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    95.144586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.628341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.371659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         157931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        157931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    203575380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203575380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7207441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7207441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    210782821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210782821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    210782821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210782821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        87705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       159691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       159691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120316.418440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120316.418440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105991.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105991.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119762.966477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119762.966477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119762.966477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119762.966477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49065797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49065797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49065797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49065797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49065797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49065797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99323.475709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99323.475709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99323.475709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99323.475709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99323.475709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99323.475709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              539.887684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              647141667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1196195.317930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.887684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3048239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3048239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3048239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3048239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3048239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3048239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179308.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179308.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179308.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179308.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179308.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179308.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2684029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2684029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2684029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2684029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2684029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2684029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178935.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178935.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178935.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178935.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178935.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178935.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151389651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             196865.605982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   132.038704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   123.961296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.515776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.484224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       177454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       212863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         212863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       212863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        212863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    212982627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212982627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    212982627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212982627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    212982627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212982627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       214739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       214739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113530.184968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113530.184968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113530.184968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113530.184968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113530.184968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113530.184968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55677351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55677351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55677351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55677351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55677351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55677351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108532.847953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108532.847953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108532.847953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108532.847953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108532.847953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108532.847953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.889308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647141749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1196195.469501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.889308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         124677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        124677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3017273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3017273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3017273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3017273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3017273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3017273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       124694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       124694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177486.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177486.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177486.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177486.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 177486.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177486.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2576742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2576742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2576742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171782.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171782.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171782.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171782.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171782.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171782.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151389864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             196100.860104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   132.151452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   123.848548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.516217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.483783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       177667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       213076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         213076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       213076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        213076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209454870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209454870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209454870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209454870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209454870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209454870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112308.241287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112308.241287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112308.241287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112308.241287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112308.241287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112308.241287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55331830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55331830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55331830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55331830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55331830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55331830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107232.228682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107232.228682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107232.228682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107232.228682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107232.228682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107232.228682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              499.328197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1482476.450593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.328197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6446020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6446020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6446020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6446020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6446020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6446020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169632.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169632.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169632.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169632.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169632.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169632.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5343487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5343487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5343487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5343487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5343487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5343487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172370.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172370.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172370.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172370.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172370.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172370.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              113322503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             172222.648936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   143.478454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   112.521546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.560463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.439537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        84852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         155345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        155345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    151311068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151311068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1521419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1521419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152832487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    152832487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152832487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    152832487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        86105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120759.032721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120759.032721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84523.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84523.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120245.859166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120245.859166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120245.859166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120245.859166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     40593120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40593120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       234125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     40827245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40827245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     40827245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40827245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101737.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101737.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78041.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78041.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101560.310945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101560.310945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101560.310945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101560.310945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.381824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769306922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1381161.439856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.381824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2865553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2865553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2865553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2865553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2865553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2865553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168561.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168561.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168561.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168561.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168561.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168561.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2368634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2368634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2368634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2368634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2368634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2368634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169188.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169188.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169188.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169188.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169188.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169188.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289563595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             286980.768087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.978807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.021193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       313179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       170963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       484142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         484142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       484142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        484142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301690179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301690179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301690179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    301690179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301690179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    301690179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       315843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       170963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113247.064189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113247.064189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113247.064189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113247.064189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113247.064189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113247.064189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79487956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79487956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79487956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79487956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79487956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79487956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105561.694555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105561.694555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105561.694555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105561.694555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105561.694555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105561.694555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.359731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              769306941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1381161.473968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.359731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         122224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       122224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        122224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2914468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2914468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2914468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2914468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2914468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2914468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       122241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       122241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       122241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171439.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171439.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171439.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171439.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171439.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171439.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2451345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2451345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2451345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2451345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2451345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2451345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175096.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175096.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175096.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175096.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175096.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175096.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              289563726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             285003.667323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   100.853607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   155.146393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.393959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.606041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       313148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       484273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         484273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       484273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        484273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    306104603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    306104603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    306104603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    306104603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    306104603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    306104603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       315859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       171125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       486984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       486984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112912.063076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112912.063076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112912.063076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112912.063076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112912.063076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112912.063076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79348309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79348309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79348309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79348309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     79348309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79348309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104405.669737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104405.669737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104405.669737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104405.669737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104405.669737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104405.669737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              556.275363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              769307022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1381161.619390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.275363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         122305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        122305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2918341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2918341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2918341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2918341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2918341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2918341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171667.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171667.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171667.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171667.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171667.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171667.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2397855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2397855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2397855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2397855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2397855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2397855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171275.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171275.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171275.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171275.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171275.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171275.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289563466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             284723.172075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   101.112629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   154.887371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.394971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.605029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       313011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       171002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       484013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         484013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       484013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        484013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    311685111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311685111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    311685111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    311685111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    311685111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    311685111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       315736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       486738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       486738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114379.857248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114379.857248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114379.857248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114379.857248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114379.857248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114379.857248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80831941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80831941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80831941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80831941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80831941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80831941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106218.056505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106218.056505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106218.056505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106218.056505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106218.056505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106218.056505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
