
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000967                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   966993810                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391066307547                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399772                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   521936                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33681                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28710.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11477501885                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984858314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        39168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        68224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        40448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        18560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        66432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               478720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       182144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            182144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     40504913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1720797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19325873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17075601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     41034389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3573963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     12177948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17075601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1720797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     70552675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     41828603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3176856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23826419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     18928766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3176856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21973253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1720797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19193504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1720797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     68699509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3573963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     12442686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17737445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1853166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17472708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               495060046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1720797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3573963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1720797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3176856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3176856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1720797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1720797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3573963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1853166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35210153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         188361082                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              188361082                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         188361082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     40504913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1720797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19325873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17075601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     41034389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3573963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     12177948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17075601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1720797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     70552675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     41828603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3176856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23826419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     18928766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3176856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21973253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1720797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19193504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1720797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     68699509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3573963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     12442686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17737445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1853166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17472708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              683421128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180668                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1898897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180668                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72707                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223444                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2191061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1967617     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7914      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16561      0.76%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6827      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36089      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32605      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6388      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13356      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103704      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2191061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488338                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1887861                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        55606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327398                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1890380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         36129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        12884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           81                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566073                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236402                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236402                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217096                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308720                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154858                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1320744                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          931                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2191061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1743081     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134673      6.15%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110244      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47650      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60406      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57786      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32856      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2807      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1558      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2191061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3169     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24448     86.21%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          741      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793999     63.12%     63.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11001      0.87%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298641     23.74%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154198     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.542454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022544                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4736177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1286272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16021                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1767                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         32593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308720                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154858                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5929                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        13041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247646                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451690                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163219                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1245146                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1245020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          674177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1334557                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.536894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505169                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2166684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739474     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156453      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73128      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72071      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19656      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83825      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6575      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4579      0.21%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10923      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2166684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        10923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3476836                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2666537                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 43120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                127870                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.318931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.318931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.431233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.431233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6157882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1452514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570167                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         175671                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157450                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15496                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114961                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1860256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1002178                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            175671                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       124604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              222146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         51353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        21272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          113902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2139455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1917309     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          34610      1.62%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16504      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33931      1.59%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9361      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          31745      1.48%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           4616      0.22%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           7808      0.36%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          83571      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2139455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1848312                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        33903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          221563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        35440                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        15655                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          341                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1112151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        35440                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1850063                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         18425                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        10665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          219887                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         4969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1109681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1447435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5016717                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5016717                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1139394                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         308041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           13394                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       207941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        30142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         6415                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1102132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1019743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       473293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2139455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1695346     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132914      6.21%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154294      7.21%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87705      4.10%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44631      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11658      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12319      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          306      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          282      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2139455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1709     57.99%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          680     23.07%     81.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          558     18.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794633     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7428      0.73%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187923     18.43%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29692      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1019743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.439747                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4182826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1324085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       991201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1022690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          826                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        35440                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         13621                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1102268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9507                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        16296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             214841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         153092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            29684                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.433794                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               991654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              991201                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          601395                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1279847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.427439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.469896                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       878342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        15224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2104015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1780443     84.62%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124725      5.93%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82232      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25436      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44436      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7943      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5197      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4620      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28983      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2104015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       786791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       878342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               191028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              162135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           135348                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          765499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        10303                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3177358                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2240103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 43658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                179476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            786791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              878342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       786791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.947328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.947328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.339290                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.339290                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4685659                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1285623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1190897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         191166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156561                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          913                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1829156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1070510                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            191166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        92554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              222257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         56336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        42565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          113350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20058                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2129889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1907632     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10185      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16139      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          21662      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22935      1.08%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          19359      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10190      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          16103      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         105684      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2129889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1810422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        61699                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          221660                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1312452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1815862                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         13282                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        36700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          216570                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        11729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1310716                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1830199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6094811                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6094811                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1552768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         277407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          305                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           37079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       123365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        65351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1307555                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          305                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1230118                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2129889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1611122     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       212157      9.96%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107911      5.07%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82146      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64333      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25882      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16607      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8531      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1200      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2129889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     13.59%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          796     35.94%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1118     50.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1035165     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18350      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111361      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65090      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1230118                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530468                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2215                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4592589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1209703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1232333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2479                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10571                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1307860                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        22961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1211561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104526                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             169602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         171752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            65076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522465                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1209769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1209703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          695465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1875586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       905337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1114139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193695                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20253                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2094145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637558     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       226111     10.80%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85585      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40653      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33999      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19876      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17827      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7727      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24809      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2094145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       905337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1114139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               165076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              100901                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           160730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1003799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24809                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3377170                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2651447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                189042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            905337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1114139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       905337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.561401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.561401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5450813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1686915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1214977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         180631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85069                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9908                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          519                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1897562                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1132635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            180631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        72742                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              223542                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         35926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        45523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          110755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2190986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1967444     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8043      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16424      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6858      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          36126      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          32628      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6362      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          13295      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         103806      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2190986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488430                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1886524                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        56955                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          222601                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          718                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        16069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1327919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1889030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         37105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        13217                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          220909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1326082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          118                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1567132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6239314                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6239314                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1351292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         215813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       308749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       154960                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7513                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321241                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1258667                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       302311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2190986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1742789     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134639      6.15%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110089      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48068      2.19%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60491      2.76%     95.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57747      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32780      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2797      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1586      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2190986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3164     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24451     86.18%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          757      2.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794507     63.12%     63.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11050      0.88%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298765     23.74%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154270     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1258667                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.542779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022541                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4737612                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2315                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1762                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         33655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154960                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1248434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297662                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10232                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             451876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         163299                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           154214                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.538366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1245869                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1245746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          674696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1335339                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.537207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1177343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144185                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2166806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738952     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156800      7.24%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73242      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72074      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19696      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83828      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6596      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4607      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11011      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2166806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1001482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1177343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               446091                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              292893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           155633                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1047006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3477323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2667260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 43069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                127945                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1001482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1177343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1001482                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.315499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.315499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.431872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.431872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6161123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1453350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1570480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175541                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20787                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1820952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1155212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              239601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         58891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        53064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          114666                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2151531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1911930     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          14411      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17993      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          29027      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12217      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          15944      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          18190      0.85%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8695      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         123124      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2151531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.498166                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1810432                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        64872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          238356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31849                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1411260                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1812790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        53665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          236132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1401585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1957351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6512824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512824                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1602726                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         354615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20983                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       132613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        67822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          850                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1365502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1299509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391413                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2151531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1602699     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249022     11.57%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102419      4.76%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57660      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77814      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24510      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23999      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12395      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1013      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2151531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9019     78.66%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1275     11.12%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1172     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1094705     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17600      1.35%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119568      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67477      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1299509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.560391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4763682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1551387                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1263186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1310975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1080                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1365836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23598                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1275095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             184535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            67425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.549863                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1263233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1263186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          756648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2032857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.544728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1149313                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2113832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1627477     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246614     11.67%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89331      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44370      2.10%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40825      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17315      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17006      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8136      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22758      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2113832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       932540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1149313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               170619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              104316                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           166640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1034739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        22758                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3456903                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2769394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                167400                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            932540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1149313                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       932540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.486683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.486683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.402142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.402142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5735322                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1766479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1303534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         190947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20318                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73109                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1828716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1068791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            190947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        92399                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              221892                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        42287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          113459                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2128920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1907028     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10149      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16134      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          21568      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          22835      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19500      0.92%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10113      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          16133      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         105460      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2128920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1809858                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        61543                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          221330                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        35858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31164                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1310369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        35858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1815303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        36195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          216211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        11766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1308807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1827880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6085232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6085232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1549786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         278094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           37263                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       123297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        65183                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          731                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1305802                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1228753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2128920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610587     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       212193      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       108087      5.08%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81645      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64161      3.01%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25755      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16665      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8574      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1253      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2128920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     36.56%     49.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1110     50.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1034230     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18255      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111210      9.05%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64906      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1228753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4588872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1207845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1230941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        35858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10919                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1306106                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65183                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1209760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             169227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         171493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            64893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.521689                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1207913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1207845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          694707                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1873670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.520863                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194189                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2093062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637237     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225960     10.80%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85286      4.07%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40554      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33863      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19836      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17898      0.86%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7711      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24717      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2093062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       903557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1111927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               164729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              100682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           160415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1001772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24717                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3374461                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2648093                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                190011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            903557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1111927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       903557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.566447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.566447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.389644                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.389644                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5442407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1684904                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1212864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         180391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1743904                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1065315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            180391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        86450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              218519                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        60563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          108924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19037                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2062642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1844123     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11429      0.55%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18387      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          27393      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11453      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13669      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          14377      0.70%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10143      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         111668      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2062642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077791                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1722217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        82889                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          216898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        29405                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1291319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1726445                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         39168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        30602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          214093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1288668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          942                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1763398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6006254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6006254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1455014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         308359                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       130375                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        72237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        13922                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1284166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1198150                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1849                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2062642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1553183     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206318     10.00%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113625      5.51%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75255      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68731      3.33%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21501      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15222      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5400      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3407      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2062642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1233     41.40%     52.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1418     47.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       986474     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21990      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118819      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70734      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1198150                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.516682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2978                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002485                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4463766                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1481817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1176253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1201128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          969                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         29528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1464                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1284449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130375                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          761                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11769                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        21918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1180880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             183086                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         160165                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            70571                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.509235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1176353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1176253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          695738                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1765743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.507239                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       871560                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1063020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2023293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1592925     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204926     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84766      4.19%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43661      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32746      1.62%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18434      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11361      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9533      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24941      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2023293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       871560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1063020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               170405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              103027                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           147642                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          961093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20742                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3283795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2610255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                256289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            871560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1063020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       871560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.660667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.660667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.375846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.375846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5359601                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1607795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1223532                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         180875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162799                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62779                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1898820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1132840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            180875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        72652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              223457                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         36020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        44874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          110809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11212                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2191583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1968126     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           7857      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16543      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           6781      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          36178      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          32625      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6366      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          13378      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         103729      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2191583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077999                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1887825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        56269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          222489                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          739                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        24253                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        16069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1327888                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        24253                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1890338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         37083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        12515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          220814                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1326121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         2602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           99                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1567304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6238515                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6238515                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1351141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         216133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           18485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       308619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       154760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1398                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1258115                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       304619                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2191583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1743641     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134728      6.15%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109913      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47875      2.18%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60375      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57818      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32865      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2788      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1580      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2191583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3163     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24449     86.29%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794234     63.13%     63.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11035      0.88%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298669     23.74%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154102     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1258115                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542541                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022519                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4737156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1286447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15736                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        24253                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         33617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321421                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297519                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             451587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         163316                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           154068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.538112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1245331                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1245216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          674168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1333802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.536978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505448                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1177225                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        11370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2167330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739424     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156766      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73309      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72157      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19701      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83894      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6475      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4586      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11018      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2167330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1001368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1177225                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               446074                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              292880                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           155602                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1046916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        11501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        11018                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3477857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2667373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 43010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                127348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1001368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1177225                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1001368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.315763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.315763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.431823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.431823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6158018                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1453033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1570448                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         186750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76530                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1791394                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1065363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            186750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        90015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              233257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         57805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        63053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          111981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2124938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1891681     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          24729      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          29392      1.38%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          15795      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          17621      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10539      0.50%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6904      0.32%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17969      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110308      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2124938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1776110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        78950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          231100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        36834                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        30073                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1299038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        36834                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1779438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        55477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          229774                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1297150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1806264                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6036890                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6036890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1513019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         293210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       124151                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        66634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14098                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1293595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1214438                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1432                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412279                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2124938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1613285     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205936      9.69%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110416      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76753      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66915      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33660      1.58%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8426      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5481      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4066      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2124938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1117     42.34%     54.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     45.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1017530     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18777      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112034      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65950      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1214438                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.523706                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4557877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1192348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1217076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1726                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        36834                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124151                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11124                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        22850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1194705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             171074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         166716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            65917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.515196                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1192446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1192348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          709966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1857852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.514180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       888480                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1090113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203822                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1642596     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206920      9.91%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86512      4.14%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51813      2.48%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35818      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23298      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12286      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9636      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19225      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       888480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1090113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               165262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              100354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           156028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          982746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3362801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2624730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29613                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                193993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            888480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1090113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       888480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.609998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.609998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.383142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.383142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5388645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1658389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1211640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         175755                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157469                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118279                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114991                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1862430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1002740                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            175755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       124643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              222252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         51187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        21785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          113949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14948                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2142143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1919891     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          34681      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16416      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          33941      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4           9447      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          31713      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           4570      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           7812      0.36%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          83672      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2142143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075791                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432415                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1850378                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        34525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          221671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        35335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        15728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          341                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1112829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        35335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1852125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         19316                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        10388                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          219992                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         4981                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1110466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1448317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5019941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5019941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1141128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         307167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           13364                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       208086                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        30145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         6407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1103063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1020700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2142143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1697374     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133498      6.23%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154266      7.20%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87596      4.09%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44884      2.10%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11668      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12261      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          328      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          268      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2142143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1703     57.96%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          676     23.01%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          559     19.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       795599     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7443      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187879     18.41%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29712      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1020700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.440160                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2938                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4187405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1324595                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       992290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1023638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        35335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         14524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1103199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           50                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208086                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6737                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        16205                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1007037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185171                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             214874                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         153329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            29703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.434268                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent               992718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count              992290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          602024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1281375                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.427908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.469827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       787799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       879601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223634                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        15162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2106808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1782648     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       125037      5.93%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82307      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25490      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44486      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8008      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5266      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4628      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28938      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2106808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       787799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       879601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               191204                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              162245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           135550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          766632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        10338                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28938                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3181105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2241829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 43593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                176788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            787799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              879601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       787799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.943557                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.943557                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.339725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.339725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4690191                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1287017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1191452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         187018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76581                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18908                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1794537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1066767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            187018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        90107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              233608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         57944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        59728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          112169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2125210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1891602     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          24869      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          29348      1.38%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          15796      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          17601      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          10552      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6964      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17930      0.84%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110548      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2125210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.080648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460025                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1779236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        75644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          231379                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        36939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        30146                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1301089                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2057                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        36939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1782604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         14716                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        52303                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          230090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1299231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1808886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6046779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6046779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1514992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         293886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       124529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        66706                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1678                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1295718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1216296                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177634                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2125210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1612875     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206086      9.70%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110743      5.21%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76754      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66978      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33728      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8519      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5420      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4107      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2125210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1140     42.81%     55.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1198     44.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1019088     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18806      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112210      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66045      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1216296                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.524507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2663                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002189                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4561938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1194044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1218959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24065                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        36939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1296068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66706                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          755                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11758                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        22915                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1196437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105240                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             171252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         166946                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            66012                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.515943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1194147                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1194044                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          710734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1860926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.514911                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381925                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       889593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1091470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20225                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1642173     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       207248      9.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86680      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51737      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35838      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23384      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12329      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9651      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19231      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       889593                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1091470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               165435                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              100464                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           156227                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          983960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        19231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3365098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2629094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 29603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                193721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            889593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1091470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       889593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.606733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.606733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.383622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.383622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5396162                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1660757                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1213156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         175593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15376                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1002741                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            175593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       124633                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              222238                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         51130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        21319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          113867                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14894                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2140912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1918674     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          34623      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16453      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33955      1.59%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4           9329      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31801      1.49%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           4512      0.21%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           7946      0.37%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          83619      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2140912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432415                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1849547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        34139                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          221644                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        35342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        15660                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          337                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1113066                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        35342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1851283                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         18836                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        10478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          219961                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1110651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1448275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5021712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5021712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1141408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         306860                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           13418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       208227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        30147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         6426                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1103446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1021476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          876                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471047                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2140912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.477122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1696245     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133157      6.22%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154378      7.21%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87469      4.09%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44919      2.10%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11837      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12320      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          321      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          266      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2140912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1679     57.44%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          680     23.26%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          564     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       796214     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7437      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       188001     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29757      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1021476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.440494                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2923                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4187663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1325108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       993103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1024399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        35342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         13941                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1103583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9409                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6737                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        16146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1007705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             214939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         153302                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            29753                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.434556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent               993526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count              993103                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          602861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1284740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.428259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.469247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       787975                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       879849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        15108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2105570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1781400     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124955      5.93%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82274      3.91%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25607      1.22%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44493      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8032      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5235      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4609      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28965      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2105570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       787975                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       879849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               191265                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              162277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           135588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          766866                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        10347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        28965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3180222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2242598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 43624                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                178019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            787975                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              879849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       787975                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.942899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.942899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.339801                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.339801                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4693866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1287814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1191662                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         180776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       147412                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73915                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1750305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1068970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            180776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        86798                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              219385                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        57275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          109419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19249                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2066927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1847542     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11499      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18491      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          27642      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11598      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          13598      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          14241      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10020      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         112296      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2066927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077957                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1728673                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        79548                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          217744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        29353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1295951                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1732971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         34764                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        31633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          214877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1293099                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          851                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1770200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6027600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6027600                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1458537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         311663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           38729                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       130684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1288361                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          285                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1202017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1749                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458199                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2066927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1555486     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       207040     10.02%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114459      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75487      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68935      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21474      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15258      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5364      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3424      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2066927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1239     41.73%     52.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     47.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       990070     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22098      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118885      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70831      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1202017                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.518350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2969                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002470                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4475679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1486784                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1179916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1204986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5704                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27439                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         24883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1408                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11894                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        22214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1184352                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             183177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         160596                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            70692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.510732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1180003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1179916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          698032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1772489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.508819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.393815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       873598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1065521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        19545                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2027272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1596085     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       205228     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85166      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43379      2.14%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32835      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18512      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11532      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9548      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24987      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2027272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       873598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1065521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               170760                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              103245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           147987                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          963349                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        20791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3291912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2618917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                252004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            873598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1065521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       873598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.654460                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.654460                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.376724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.376724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5375134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1613658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1227404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         210433                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20873                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79525                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22117                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1820570                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1153604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            210433                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        96651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              239234                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        53569                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          114697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19881                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2151431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1912197     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          14470      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17897      0.83%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          29050      1.35%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12171      0.57%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          15892      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          18122      0.84%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8664      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         122968      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2151431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1810000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        65415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          238004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37842                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1408945                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37842                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1812368                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          5686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        54247                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1399322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1954424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6501509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6501509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1598714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         355710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       132221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        67655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1363385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2151431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1603683     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248592     11.55%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102048      4.74%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57577      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77564      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24558      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24032      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12373      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2151431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9052     78.75%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1273     11.08%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092988     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17563      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119315      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67276      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.559439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4759230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549933                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260869                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1308794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          962                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1533                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37842                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363724                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          490                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272754                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             183995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         179441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            67223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.548854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1260918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1260869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          755011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2027587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20834                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2113589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1628293     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246218     11.65%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89152      4.22%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44199      2.09%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40639      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17291      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16974      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8162      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22661      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2113589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       930192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1146396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               170165                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              104043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           166205                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1032131                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3454650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2765318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                167500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            930192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1146396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       930192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.492960                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.492960                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.401130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.401130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5724572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1763430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1301485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         191061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156551                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77174                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1828602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1069735                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            191061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        92538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              222214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         56001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        43096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          113226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2129574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1907360     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          10260      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          16223      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          21622      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          22819      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          19339      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          10320      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          15912      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         105719      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2129574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1809916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        62184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          221596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        35495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1311703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        35495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1815308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        37121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          216573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11613                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1309933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1829760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6091848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6091848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1554464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         275286                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          307                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          154                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           36832                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       123509                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        65282                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          761                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14426                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1306684                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          308                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1229931                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162520                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2129574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610716     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       212370      9.97%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107726      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82281      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64323      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25895      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16532      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8541      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1190      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2129574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.74%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          807     36.11%     49.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1121     50.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1035043     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18319      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111416      9.06%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65000      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1229931                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2235                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001817                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4591922                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1209438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1232166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22539                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        35495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1306992                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123509                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65282                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11959                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22855                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1211344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             169595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         171686                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            64986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1209504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1209438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          695793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1875613                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521550                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370968                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       906329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1115263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20167                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2094079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1636950     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       226309     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85800      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40654      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34108      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19922      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17826      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7686      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24824      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2094079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       906329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1115263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               165209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              100967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           160860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1004824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        22975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3376241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2649482                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 29445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                189357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            906329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1115263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       906329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.558597                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.558597                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5450490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1687221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1214145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2318931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         190832                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73060                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1827641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1068186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            190832                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        92341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              221762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         56544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        42375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          113392                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2127785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1906023     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10143      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16122      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          21555      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          22818      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          19488      0.92%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10107      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          16124      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         105405      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2127785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1808801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        61614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          221198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        35840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31150                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1309630                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        35840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1814246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         13646                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        36219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          216081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1308061                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1826800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6081778                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6081778                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1548835                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         277965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           37249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       123230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        65155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          731                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1305067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1228029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401443                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2127785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1609782     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       212037      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       108020      5.08%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81603      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64129      3.01%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25734      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16656      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8571      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1253      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2127785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     36.56%     49.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1110     50.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1033606     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18247      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111146      9.05%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64878      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1228029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.529567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4586289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1207132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1230217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        35840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         10966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1305371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        23048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1209048                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             169139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         171384                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            64865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.521382                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1207200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1207132                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          694292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1872532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520555                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194121                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20365                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2091945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1636391     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225822     10.79%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85236      4.07%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40531      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33845      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19829      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17885      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7710      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24696      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2091945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       903010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1111260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               164641                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              100622                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           160311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1001184                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22892                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3372630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2646605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 29552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                191146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            903010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1111260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       903010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.568001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.568001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.389408                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.389408                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5439225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1683872                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1212191                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3751                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32750.048288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           586018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.053089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1156.792810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.117173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   166.527320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.045388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    82.342933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.591669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    64.334927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.090434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   170.069099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.930777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    41.677214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.571567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    63.233738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.684959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   249.022488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.117246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   172.510060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.419654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    89.284821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.396506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    79.937259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.423250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    85.150702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.948644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    79.386995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.665815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   238.988249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.935089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    43.226627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.591328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    67.259165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.571002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    68.669249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2054.831971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2035.740187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1459.678652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2066.286401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1163.838871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1438.233707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2907.192627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2053.267074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1711.244085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2028.963910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1769.450981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2004.695238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2945.597526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1131.034631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1407.257396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1422.220873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.035303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.005190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.005265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.007293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.062708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.062126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.044546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.063058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.035518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.043891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.088720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.062661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.052223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.061919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.053999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.061178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.089893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.042946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.043403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5034                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  90                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          519                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2204692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     46351874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1984731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22445359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2162035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19442002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2126395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47050951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4321984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14017121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2234357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19403205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1960920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     74269800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2312141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48694787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3600267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     27428271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2051066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21509727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3480159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24921697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1884945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21995132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2073551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70626588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4324740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14287330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2242511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20500772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2320110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20186075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       554415295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6563998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7069121                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13633119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2204692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     46351874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1984731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22445359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2162035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19442002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2126395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47050951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4321984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14017121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2234357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19403205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1960920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     80833798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2312141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48694787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3600267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     27428271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2051066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21509727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3480159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24921697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1884945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21995132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2073551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     77695709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4324740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14287330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2242511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20500772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2320110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20186075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        568048414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2204692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     46351874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1984731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22445359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2162035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19442002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2126395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47050951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4321984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14017121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2234357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19403205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1960920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     80833798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2312141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48694787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3600267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     27428271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2051066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     21509727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3480159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24921697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1884945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21995132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2073551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     77695709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4324740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14287330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2242511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20500772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2320110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20186075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       568048414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.431594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.434174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.280488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.524064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.319231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.509719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.286585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.420931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.431594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.434174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.278788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.544990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.284848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.426390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.431594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.434174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.278788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.544990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.284848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.426390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       157478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151476.712418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152671.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153735.335616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154431.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149553.861538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151885.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151777.261290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160073.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152360.010870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159596.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150412.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       150840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151571.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165152.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153611.315457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150011.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152379.283333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146504.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150417.671329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145006.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150130.704819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144995.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151690.565517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159503.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149632.601695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160175.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151992.872340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160179.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152990.835821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165722.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152924.810606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151811.417032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152651.116279                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150406.829787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151479.100000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       157478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151476.712418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152671.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153735.335616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154431.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149553.861538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151885.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151777.261290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160073.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152360.010870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159596.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150412.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       150840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151658.157598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165152.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153611.315457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150011.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152379.283333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146504.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150417.671329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145006.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150130.704819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144995.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151690.565517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159503.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149702.714836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160175.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151992.872340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160179.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152990.835821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165722.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152924.810606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151803.424372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       157478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151476.712418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152671.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153735.335616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154431.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149553.861538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151885.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151777.261290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160073.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152360.010870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159596.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150412.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       150840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151658.157598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165152.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153611.315457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150011.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152379.283333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146504.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150417.671329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145006.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150130.704819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 144995.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151690.565517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159503.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149702.714836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160175.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151992.872340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160179.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152990.835821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165722.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152924.810606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151803.424372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             90                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1389654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28553962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1229066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13941530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1349938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11929355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1314122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29021215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2755916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8663093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1423907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11889167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1205197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     45738200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1499371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30310023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2203244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16946857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1236968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13186234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2080943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15248648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1130761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13559547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1318737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     43138056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2754235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8814678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1430558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12701349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1508915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12502008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341975454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4056572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4329694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8386266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1389654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28553962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1229066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13941530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1349938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11929355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1314122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29021215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2755916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8663093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1423907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11889167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1205197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49794772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1499371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30310023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2203244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16946857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1236968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13186234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2080943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15248648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1130761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13559547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1318737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47467750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2754235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8814678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1430558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12701349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1508915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12502008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350361720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1389654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28553962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1229066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13941530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1349938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11929355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1314122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29021215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2755916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8663093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1423907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11889167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1205197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49794772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1499371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30310023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2203244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16946857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1236968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13186234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2080943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15248648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1130761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13559547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1318737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47467750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2754235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8814678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1430558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12701349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1508915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12502008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350361720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.431594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.434174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.280488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.524064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.319231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.509719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.286585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.420931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.431594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.434174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.278788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.544990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.284848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.426390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.431594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.434174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.278788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.544990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.317400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.284848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        99261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93313.601307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94543.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95489.931507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96424.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91764.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93865.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93616.822581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102070.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94164.054348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101707.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92164.085271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92707.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93343.265306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107097.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95615.214511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91801.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94149.205556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88354.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92211.426573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86705.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91859.325301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86981.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93514.117241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101441.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91394.186441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102008.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93773.170213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102182.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94786.186567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 107779.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94712.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93640.595290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94338.883721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92121.148936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93180.733333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        99261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93313.601307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94543.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95489.931507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96424.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91764.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93865.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93616.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102070.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94164.054348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101707.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92164.085271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92707.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93423.587242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107097.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95615.214511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91801.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94149.205556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88354.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92211.426573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86705.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91859.325301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86981.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93514.117241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101441.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91460.019268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102008.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93773.170213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102182.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94786.186567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 107779.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94712.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93629.535008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst        99261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93313.601307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94543.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95489.931507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96424.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91764.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93865.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93616.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102070.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94164.054348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101707.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92164.085271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92707.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93423.587242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107097.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95615.214511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91801.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94149.205556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88354.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92211.426573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86705.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91859.325301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 86981.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93514.117241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101441.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91460.019268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 102008.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93773.170213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102182.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94786.186567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 107779.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94712.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93629.535008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.116201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346712.143627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.116201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2675587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2675587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2675587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2675587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2675587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2675587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167224.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167224.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167224.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167224.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167224.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167224.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2462928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2462928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2462928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175923.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175923.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175923.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175923.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175923.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175923.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             291431.503627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.835974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.164026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    305605706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305605706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    305605706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    305605706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    305605706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    305605706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121416.649186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121416.649186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121416.649186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121416.649186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121416.649186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121416.649186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79033807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79033807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79033807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79033807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79033807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79033807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111472.224260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111472.224260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111472.224260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111472.224260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111472.224260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111472.224260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.044588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              627180430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1163600.055659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.044588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         113889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        113889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2266094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2266094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2266094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2266094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2266094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2266094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       113902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       113902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174314.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174314.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174314.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174314.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174314.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174314.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2130194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2130194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2130194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163861.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163861.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163861.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163861.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163861.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163861.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              147679848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             222744.868778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   137.727909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   118.272091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.538000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.462000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         199462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       199462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        199462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    149495884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149495884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    149495884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149495884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    149495884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149495884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        28758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       200834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       200834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108962.014577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108962.014577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108962.014577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108962.014577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108962.014577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108962.014577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          965                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42078707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42078707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42078707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42078707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42078707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42078707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103387.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103387.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103387.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103387.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103387.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103387.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.590810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              731807001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1496537.834356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.590810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         113335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        113335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2562338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2562338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2562338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2562338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2562338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2562338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       113350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       113350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170822.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170822.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170822.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170822.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170822.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170822.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2309634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2309634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2309634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2309634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2309634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2309634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164973.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164973.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164973.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164973.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164973.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164973.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              110531888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             176006.191083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   140.045065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   115.954935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.547051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.452949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        76553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        63888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         140441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        140441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150084448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150084448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150084448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150084448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150084448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150084448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       141684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       141684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120743.723250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120743.723250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120743.723250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120743.723250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120743.723250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120743.723250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37278082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37278082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37278082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37278082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37278082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37278082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99941.238606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99941.238606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99941.238606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99941.238606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99941.238606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99941.238606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.089539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750118572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1346711.978456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.089539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.020977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         110740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        110740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2522933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2522933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2522933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2522933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2522933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2522933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       110755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       110755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168195.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168195.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168195.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168195.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168195.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168195.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2316302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2316302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2316302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2316302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2316302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2316302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165450.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165450.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165450.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165450.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165450.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165450.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              281231599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             289929.483505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.850927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.149073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.393949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.606051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       280792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       153048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       433840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         433840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       433840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        433840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    309337261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    309337261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    309337261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    309337261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    309337261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    309337261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       283314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       153048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       436362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       436362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122655.535686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122655.535686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122655.535686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122655.535686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122655.535686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122655.535686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80143325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80143325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80143325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80143325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80143325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80143325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112245.553221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112245.553221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112245.553221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112245.553221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112245.553221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112245.553221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              476.034594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735275467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1519164.188017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.034594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.033709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         114626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        114626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6372178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6372178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6372178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6372178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6372178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6372178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       114666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       114666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159304.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159304.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159304.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159304.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159304.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159304.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4942848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4942848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4942848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4942848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4942848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4942848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170443.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170443.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170443.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170443.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170443.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170443.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              106621843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             181948.537543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   124.273318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   131.726682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.485443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.514557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        65968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     89958158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89958158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       504658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       504658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90462816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90462816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90462816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90462816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        65975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103638.430876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103638.430876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        72094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        72094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103386.075429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103386.075429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103386.075429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103386.075429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31242318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31242318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       133311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31375629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31375629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     31375629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31375629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95250.969512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95250.969512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66655.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66655.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95077.663636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95077.663636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95077.663636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95077.663636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.570652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              731807110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1496538.057260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.570652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         113444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        113444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2677057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2677057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2677057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2677057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2677057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2677057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       113459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       113459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178470.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178470.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178470.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178470.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178470.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178470.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2434435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2434435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2434435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2434435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2434435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2434435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173888.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173888.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173888.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173888.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173888.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173888.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              110531743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176568.279553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   140.099906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   115.900094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.547265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.452735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        76537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        63760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         140297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        140297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    146802281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146802281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    146802281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    146802281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    146802281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    146802281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        63760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       141517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120329.738525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120329.738525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120329.738525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120329.738525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120329.738525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120329.738525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37023243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37023243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37023243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37023243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37023243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37023243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100062.818919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100062.818919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100062.818919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100062.818919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100062.818919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100062.818919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.684168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735399895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464940.029880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.684168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         108908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        108908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2396781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2396781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2396781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2396781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2396781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2396781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       108924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       108924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149798.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149798.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149798.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149798.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149798.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149798.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2079934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2079934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2079934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2079934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2079934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2079934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159994.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159994.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159994.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122589143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             99342.903566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   190.320737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    65.679263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.743440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.256560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       149090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         149090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       149090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        149090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    300527943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300527943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     60913787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60913787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361441730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    361441730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361441730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    361441730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        84635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        67027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 134705.487674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134705.487674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 178632.806452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178632.806452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 140529.444012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140529.444012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 140529.444012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140529.444012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110706383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110706383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7026459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117732842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117732842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117732842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117732842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000642                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000642                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118402.548663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118402.548663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163406.023256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163406.023256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120381.229039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120381.229039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120381.229039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120381.229039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.116340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750118626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1346712.075404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.116340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         110794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        110794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2731861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2731861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2731861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2731861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2731861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2731861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       110809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       110809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182124.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182124.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182124.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182124.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182124.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182124.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2509323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2509323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2509323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179237.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179237.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179237.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179237.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179237.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179237.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              281231451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             289035.406989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   100.863304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   155.136696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.393997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.606003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       280647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       153044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       153044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         433691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        433691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    311927322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311927322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    311927322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    311927322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    311927322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    311927322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       283220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       153044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       436264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       436264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121230.984065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121230.984065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121230.984065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121230.984065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121230.984065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121230.984065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     81069532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81069532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     81069532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81069532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     81069532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81069532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112910.211699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112910.211699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112910.211699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112910.211699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112910.211699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112910.211699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              500.900230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              732327099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1444432.147929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.900230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.030289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         111950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       111950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        111950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4784060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4784060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4784060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4784060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4784060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4784060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       111981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       111981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       111981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154324.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154324.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154324.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154324.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154324.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154324.516129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4038758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4038758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4038758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4038758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4038758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4038758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161550.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161550.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161550.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161550.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161550.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161550.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              115427577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             147984.073077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   158.148699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    97.851301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.617768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.382232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        64537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64537                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         141198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        141198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    215717049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215717049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5063844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5063844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220780893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220780893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220780893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220780893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        64584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       142985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       142985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123975.315517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123975.315517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107741.361702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107741.361702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123548.345271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123548.345271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123548.345271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123548.345271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52782223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52782223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52974523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52974523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52974523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52974523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101309.449136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101309.449136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101096.417939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101096.417939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101096.417939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101096.417939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              538.395664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              627180476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1161445.325926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.395664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       113935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       113935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         113935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       113935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        113935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2315668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2315668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2315668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2315668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2315668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2315668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       113949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       113949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       113949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       113949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       113949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165404.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165404.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165404.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165404.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165404.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165404.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2169068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2169068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2169068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2169068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2169068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2169068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154933.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154933.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154933.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154933.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154933.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154933.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              147680008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             222075.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   137.534630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   118.465370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.537245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.462755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       199622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         199622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       199622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        199622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147384187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147384187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147384187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147384187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    147384187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147384187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        28824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       201003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       201003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       201003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       201003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106722.800145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106722.800145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106722.800145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106722.800145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106722.800145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106722.800145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41173805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41173805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41173805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41173805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41173805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41173805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100669.449878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100669.449878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100669.449878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100669.449878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100669.449878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100669.449878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              500.904226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              732327286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1444432.516765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.904226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.030295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       112137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       112137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         112137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       112137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        112137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4660172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4660172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4660172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4660172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4660172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4660172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       112169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       112169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       112169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       112169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       112169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145630.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145630.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145630.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145630.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 145630.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145630.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3897254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3897254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3897254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3897254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3897254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3897254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155890.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155890.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155890.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155890.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155890.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155890.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              115427820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             148174.351733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   158.172907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    97.827093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.617863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.382137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        76843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         141443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       141443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        141443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210498982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210498982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4552227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4552227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215051209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215051209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215051209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215051209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       143216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       143216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       143216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       143216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121957.695249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121957.695249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96855.893617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96855.893617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121292.278060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121292.278060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121292.278060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121292.278060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     50998110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50998110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       212510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     51210620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51210620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     51210620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51210620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98073.288462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98073.288462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70836.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70836.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97917.055449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97917.055449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97917.055449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97917.055449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              537.947863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              627180395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1163599.990724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.947863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         113854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        113854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2129886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2129886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2129886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2129886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2129886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2129886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       113867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       113867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163837.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163837.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163837.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163837.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163837.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163837.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1994586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1994586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1994586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153429.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153429.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153429.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153429.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153429.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153429.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              147679988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             224097.098634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   136.962561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   119.037439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.535010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.464990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       170749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         199602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        199602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149139001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149139001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149139001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149139001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149139001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149139001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       172137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        28853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       200990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       200990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107448.847983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107448.847983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107448.847983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107448.847983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107448.847983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107448.847983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40999766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40999766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40999766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40999766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40999766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40999766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101736.392060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101736.392060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101736.392060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101736.392060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101736.392060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101736.392060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.664983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735400390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1464941.015936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.664983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       109403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       109403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         109403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       109403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        109403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2519882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2519882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2519882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2519882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2519882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2519882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       109419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       109419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       109419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       109419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       109419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157492.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157492.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157492.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157492.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157492.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157492.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2232677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2232677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2232677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2232677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2232677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2232677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171744.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171744.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171744.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171744.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171744.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171744.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              122589349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             99747.232710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   189.986677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    66.013323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.742135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.257865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        82486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        66810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       149296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         149296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       149296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        149296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    284690804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284690804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62684519                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62684519                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    347375323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    347375323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    347375323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    347375323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        84650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        67164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       151814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 131557.672828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131557.672828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 177074.912429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177074.912429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 137956.839952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137956.839952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 137956.839952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137956.839952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    107049747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107049747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7521564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7521564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    114571311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114571311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    114571311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114571311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115604.478402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115604.478402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160033.276596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160033.276596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117750.576567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117750.576567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117750.576567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117750.576567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              476.038960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              735275498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1519164.252066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.038960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.033716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       114657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       114657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         114657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       114657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        114657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6648003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6648003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6648003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6648003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6648003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6648003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       114697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       114697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       114697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       114697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       114697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166200.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166200.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166200.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166200.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166200.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166200.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5032497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5032497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5032497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5032497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5032497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5032497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173534.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173534.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173534.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173534.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173534.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173534.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              106621530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             181948.003413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   124.257933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   131.742067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.485383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.514617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        89696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        65787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         155483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        155483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87978011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87978011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       570001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       570001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     88548012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     88548012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     88548012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     88548012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        65794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102898.258480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102898.258480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81428.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81428.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102723.911833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102723.911833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102723.911833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102723.911833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31161975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31161975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       144376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       144376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31306351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31306351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31306351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31306351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95006.021341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95006.021341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        72188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94867.730303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94867.730303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94867.730303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94867.730303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              488.590426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              731806877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1496537.580777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.590426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         113211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        113211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2684531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2684531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2684531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2684531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2684531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2684531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       113226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       113226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178968.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178968.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178968.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178968.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 178968.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178968.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2427515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2427515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2427515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2427515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173393.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173393.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173393.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173393.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173393.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173393.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              110532035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             175726.605723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   140.047972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   115.952028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.547062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.452938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        63953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         140585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        140585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    151443509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151443509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    151443509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151443509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    151443509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151443509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        77865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        63953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       141818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       141818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122825.230333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122825.230333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122825.230333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122825.230333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122825.230333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122825.230333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38006608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38006608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38006608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38006608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38006608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38006608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101894.391421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101894.391421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101894.391421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101894.391421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101894.391421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101894.391421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.570108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              731807043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1496537.920245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.570108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         113377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        113377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2740507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2740507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2740507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2740507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2740507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2740507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       113392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       113392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 182700.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182700.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 182700.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182700.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 182700.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182700.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2497182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2497182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2497182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2497182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2497182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2497182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178370.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178370.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178370.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178370.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178370.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178370.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              110531680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176568.178914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   140.006673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   115.993327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.546901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.453099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        76502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         140234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        140234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150141263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150141263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150141263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150141263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150141263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150141263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       141454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       141454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123066.609016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123066.609016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123066.609016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123066.609016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123066.609016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123066.609016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37596894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37596894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37596894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37596894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37596894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37596894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101613.227027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101613.227027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101613.227027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101613.227027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101613.227027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101613.227027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
